Sound
Captain from Adam's Titans
So how are you feeling Dheeraj? how is your
Feeling? First Match Season Three Mumbai
Edition.
It looks great, man. Good setup.
Teams are yet to play the first match.
Hello Hello
Slow there. So the team are still to play the
Match First Match. All the best to all the teams.
Play your best. Ok. Maintain team spirit.
This is what I want. Thank you. your faces
But a smile says it all. [Laughter]
Captain from Aquavirus Ragnall Titans
Nameless.
Ok Manikant.
How is a feeling? How are you feeling? End
First Match Admit Titans Any Message To The
Team and the Captain of the Opposition Team Joe
They say we will have to look at the opposition party now.
Which government will win today?
Our team has come very active and
The administrative team also practices very actively.
If it was happening then it is a good thing that there is a tournament
Saturday is good for Sunday for us too
We practice this once a year.
If you come to play a tournament for a match
There are no such professional cricketers.
We butt okay. I'll play as much as I can
Today. Ok. So all the best to all the team.
And that's the team. He already told
Whatever happens, we will play with team spirit.
own. So wish you all the best.
Let's have a big round of applause.
We have some restrictions on our voice.
There will be some more noise after 12:00.
Captain Can heading for the toss and any
Official from ICSC Labrador for the
Coin Toss Honor
your name sir
Good morning and welcome to the ICC
Long Brokers Premier League Two to 26 seasons
3 Mumbai Edition
And the first match, first encounter, first
toss time
The due factor is a bit visible here.
But we have to see how we start now.
And
Late Start
donation
Hello, good morning and welcome to the
Exciting game of cricket cricket this is
Season Three Welcome to the ICC Lamb
Brokers Premier League 3.0 First
Let there be loud applause
And I would like to say how is a josh
Hi how is a josh
Hi Sir Kapil Sir I would also like to tell you how
is a josh
Absolutely hi what's the matter his voice is the best
Too much has come, let's see, three have just made a sound
There's a noise here about your chance to win.
How Josh is the Most High
Yes, she has become today's winner of Sure Meter.
OK, we'll head for the toss with me the
Captain of Aquirus, Ragnall Titans and
Admit Titans with me and Kapil sir will do the
Honor.
Who will call? Admit Titans Will Call.
Hades is the call? Heads it is. You on the
Toss? What did you decide on and why?
Bowling will take first bowling. Sorry.
So if there is a dew factor then the batsman has to face some difficulties.
It will be difficult to hit the ball. so we are
Planning [laughs]
that is what
I will tell the truth and nothing but the truth
will say so bowling first and aqua
Aquarians Ragnald Titles Batting You
How much do you think it means to challenge them?
can do
We also planned for batting
Because by then some sunlight will also come and
Bowling if the dew factor is also removed
It will be easy for us at least so we started batting.
So we came with the thought that we will select two
Bat First
I wish you all the best, both the captains
News from the Center First Encounter Aid
Admit Titans One The Toss And They Decided To
Ball First They Invited The Team Aquarius
Ragnall the Man in Purple I Me to Bat First
Then a wonderful game of cricket will begin.
Game Lab Action in Some Time
Are watching us live welcome to the exciting
Game of Cricket ICI Lamb Proudly
Presents The Brokers Premier League Two and
Two6 Season 3 Mumbai Edition and That's Famous
Tagline: Hit it big, score it bigger
16 Teams Will Fight For That One Glory.
And every run is insured with confidence,
Every delivery comes with risk management,
Every Boundary Is Back By [Music]
Trust, Teamwork and Total Coverage.
This is not just a cricket, this is where
Policy Makers Become Play Makers Where
Brokers Step Out of Board Rooms and In
to the pressure zone of performance, the same
Passion, same professionalism.
But today no claims only clean hits.
So baklab because the cover is strong the
Premiums are high and the action is fully
Insured till the last ball. Once Again Welcome
back
And let the brokers Premier League two to
Six Begin.
Myself Mitesh Solanki. I am welcoming you all
Once again. We Had a Fantastic Carnival
Last Year and Now We Are Again Ready for the
First Encounter
We Have The First Match Admit Titans Taking
Up with Aquius Ragnall Titans News from
The Center Admits Titans
The fielding side will win the toss and elect to
Field first they invited aquirus ragnal
Titans to Bat First We Are the Umpires
Mr. Om Singh Standing Main Umpires
Umpire Mr. Ravi Singh and we are all set
To Start
Dheeraj the Captain will start the proceedings
and once again
Welcome Everyone Good Morning
cameraman having a tough job he is doing a
Smart Job and That's What All the Golden
Moments Captured.
And we're all set
So let's have a big round of applause. We Are
About to start the first ball of the
Tournament. The Two Days of the Cricketing
Carnival of the ICICI Lombard
Brokers Premier League 226
3.0 Mumbai Edition
First two overs power play
In the count of five four three to one game on
Dinesh on strike Manikant Singh non
Strike and Endurance
First ball chance for the run out could be the
Chance may be a direct hit could be the chance
And a First Run Taken Very Quickly By
Dinesh
Now the Captain Manikant Singh is on strike
Not this time the proper elevation from the
Bat Bit Off in the Air But Safe
The fielder thought the ball would come to his hand
Very Softly But No It Was Bit Of Out Of
His Reich. Both batsmen are here
Opened his account by scoring one run.
This time good bowling from Dheeraj good come back
Swing anime Miss He was looking to play
For a Big One Over Covers But Completely Beaten
Trying to bowl the fuller one going outside the
Offside line for wide signal by the umpire
Mr. Om Singh
oh good bowling excellent bowling
Beauty of a Delivery
From Skipper Dheeraj
Four balls being bowled at three for no loss
Good Star from Admit Titans
O Once Again Looking to Play Across the Line
And Completely Beat An Owens Once Again
The skipper is putting the pressure on the batting
Team
Five balls, three runs, no wickets
Good start here Admit Titans
did
One fielder at wideish long on and one head
Long off there to the fielders outside circle
Ow good stop o chance for the run out and
Gone may be gone as a direct hit and that's
A first wicket falls. Wow
What a good job in the follow through and the
Presence of Mind the Quicker
Reflexes by the Skipper Dheeraj and he has
Done the job one oz gone three for one aquirus
Ragnall Titans They Lost Very Early
Wicket Dinesh departs.
This is what the strongest contender is
Experienced Contender skipper Dheeraj Sonav
Excellent follow through from the batsman
Wanted to take a run but was stopped by non
Striker batter and the best there
Hit on the stumps and the fall of the first wicket
One for three after the over
There is no sound.
The new better Faisal.
Hello sir how are you?
Faisal Khan The New Better at Number Three
So, Admit it, Titans have made a good start now.
Must see Aquavirus Ragnall Titans second
There will be fireworks in the over and most
Strongest Contender Rohit Nimbalkar now
Have come to bowl.
Experience of Playing Season Ball Leather Ball
Cricket
Now Today Tennis
and yes
We will go for that
Early Break Through Once Again Let's Setting
Up the Field
The two fielders we can see are long off and long
On
Left arm medium fast Rohit is ready
Here we go left arm round the wicket to the
right hand
Starting with the toast delivery umpire
Signalling no ball chance for the run out there
could be a direct hit on the head
There could have been danger here but one run here
has raced at a fast pace
and coming up the
Free Hit
Starting with the fuller length very much above the
West Heights
And now Faisal Khan strikes
Good Shot High in the Air Free Hit Ball Doesnt
matter if taken a catch
And here the happiness of a moment is lost in the dust
went because it was a free hit ball a bit off
Happiness there in the fielding side
But that was a free hit ball
Looking to Play Across the Line Completely
Beat in good bowling from Rohit good comeback
1.26 Aquarus Keeping Titans
The Captain Manikant Singh and Faisal Khan Now
on the crease
Again trying to bowl the fuller one going
Outside the off stump line for a wide
Here's the score with extras
increase seven to one
And it's a beautiful weather out here in
Fatima Grounds Mumbai
The current temperature is 22 degrees centigrade
Short pitch ball and that's pulled away nicely
that will go all the way to the first boundary of the
Tournament Wow
with excellent timing
Pulls a short pitch ball for four runs.
The ball has been hit for four runs
a slightly pitched ball, a bad ball and its
Captain Manikant took full advantage
And a superb deep backward shot over the fielder
Square leg four
11 for one
Scott that age looking to play on side lucky
Late
There is a one fielder at deep mid-wicket now
for the better
Looking London Talking Tokyo Got That
Outside edge but a fielder at third man
Good Stop Only a Single Run Taken
1.53
But one last ball coming up the second over
Rohit Nimbalkar has proved to be a bit expensive
10 runs in the first over
O this time good comeback no
Vent Just Outside the Offam Line for Wide
11 runs of the over, only three runs came in the first over.
were here and now 12 runs 11 runs so far in this
in the over
O!
that was that outside as could be taken
Dot ball to the end of the over, two overs gone
Two over gone 14 for one aquarius regna
Titans
So this is the first encounter going on
Live at Fatima Grounds
ICSC Lamb Brokers Premier League 2 to 6
3.0
3 Mumbai Edition
And this is the first match of the Group A stage
Five Hours Game Adam Titans Taking Up With
Aquarus Ragnald Titans Initially Admitted
Titans win the toss and go to the field first end
Two overs gone 14 for one aquarius ragnald
Titans
There something changed the field setting where the
Fielder et
Fine leg and deep mid wicket
And that's a good strike. The fielder is
Trying to stop that ball. Letts C. No
That will go all the way for four runs.
Excellent timing very well played.
That's What They Needed Now to Get Some Fire
Vox on the Board and Aquarium Ragnall
Titans.
Manikant Singh and Faisal Khan.
18 for 1 Sujeet Yadav comes in to bat.
Down the track high in the air no man's land.
No harm done for Faisal Khan.
Two boundaries so far in this match. 18 for one
Is a score.
Short pitch ball going backward and playing
It's nicely.
Oh, that is gone, would you believe it. What
Isning? They lose one more wicket. It Was Bit
in the air
and Harshal takes it
That's a second wicket fall of Aquarius
Raghunal Titans
Is done
The New Batter Left Handed Batter on
Strike Amit Goyal
Looking to Play for Big One Completely Beat
And there is 2.41 18 per two at present score
Both teams have made a good start.
Are you aqua keeping titans and admi titans
A one-fielder at square leg to the left
Hinder one long on
And this time being hammered up and over
There is a fielder standing at mid-wicket
They were looking for two, but only single they will
Settle for
There was a discussion of yes no yes no between
The Batters But Only One Run
19 for the last ball coming up off the third
Over
So very good over from Sujeet Yadav just
Five runs conceded is got one wicket here.
That's a good strike.
O excellent by the fielder. A good judgment.
Good Stop and Single Taken to End of the
Over. So three was gone aquarius ragnald
Titans 20 for two.
Once again Captain Dheeraj in the bowling attack
Starting with the new over
And there is a mix up between the batters and
Gone. When two trains run on the same track.
An accident has happened here. fall of wickets
A bit of miscommunication and gone.
One more wicket falls losing the momentum here
Team Aquirus Ragnall Titans
And that's the third wicket fall.
That is a big appeal umpire
And this time good bowling
The way the pressure is applied here
Dheeraj starts with the over
Bowling figures: 1.3, just 3 runs conceded
And this is the beginning for his team
Admitted Dodence
3.320 per three here is the current score
Manik Singh and Shreyash Shah with their new batter
I have joined, I wanted to play this time but
Could not time inside edge backward region
The ball is going in, going for second
It has been stopped here in the backward region
and take two runs
Two Runs Came From the Bat
22 for three against two runs
Always have a smile on your face, always have humor and patience
Sonavani
He should be called Hasmukh Bhai
And watch this amazing bowling across the line
Wanted to play beat got the best bing
Performance by Captain
So the battle between Captain vs Captain
3.52 for three
This time he went on the back foot and pushed lightly.
One run stolen, end of over
That's a very good spell completion from
Dheeraj two overs six runs only and four overs
Gon 23 for Three Aquarus Raghunai Titans
Four overs, 23 for three coming up the last over
of the first innings
23 for three after four overs and the last over
Nikhil Chauhan has come to do it.
Captain Manik Singh is on strike.
only a single run
I don't know what suddenly happened to the fielder there.
The intention is to injure the batsman
[Laughter]
Left-handed batsman Shreyas is now on strike.
3 for 24, now we have to see the last five balls
How many runs are there on the scoreboard?
Aquarius Ragnald in Titans Fielding
Titans are making some changes to their ads.
One fielder in the cow corner and one fielder in the deep
Backward Squat Leg
Totally beaten, excellent bowling
The right decision here was Dheeraj's toss
After winning, the decision to field first
have taken
And that dew factor is working now.
At present, this first match tournament has already been
In 24 on three last four balls this time
Couldn't do it properly
But that won't stop me from taking a run.
25 per three and last three balls coming up
of the very first match of the tournament of
The ICICI Labord Brokers Premier League
Two and Two Six Mumbai Edition Season Three
excellent bowling
Completely beat and there place pe shot mare
Attempt but no contact with bat and
The last two balls are currently three for 25.
Score two fireworks now Manikant Singh
I will definitely think about the next two balls.
Down the track is played.
I have run one run quickly. of the second run
Are being taken. Till the throw two runs
Will complete it with ease. with two runs
27 on three and last ball coming up of the
First Innings
Will
Manikant Singh will go for the big one at
Straight Six Will Be the Option Because Left
Side Is a Long Distance of Side Long
Distance Straight Will Be The Good Option To
Play
Made room, no runs here and great
Performance Five Hours Gone 27 for Three Down
Edmed Titans won the toss and elected to field first
decision and excellent performance
Only 28 runs needed, it remains to be seen whose
The government will
Stay tuned, we will take a short break and
Come back, till then stay tuned and watch
ICI Laborde Brokers Premier League 226
Season 3 Mumbai Edition
Okay so let's quickly AdamMade Titans 28
To win this will be like in three overs they
Can complete target four over lets see or
Aquarus Ragnald Titans something here.
Will do wonders, will make someone miserable
We Are The Purple Army Aquarium Ragna Titans
on the field and the umpires are ready and they are
Waiting for the Batters Adami Titans
28 to win, 28 runs needed
Umpire Mr. Om Singh Singh the ever
Energetic Umpire
The batsman is calling, bring your sword and
28 runs needed
May I request to back batters can
Quickly
Please
And here we are the two betters walking so,
Hello and welcome back once again to the ICIC
Here Lumbard Presents
Brokers Premier League 226 Season Three
Mumbai Edition First Match in Progress
OK for the second match, I requested it.
The Captains of WTW and Pink
Panthers
For the coin toss second match of the tournament
From Group A Stage I Request Captain
Both WTW vs Pink Panther
Captain, come for the toss at the
Presentation area commentary box
And we all readiness say in the start of for
The Second Innings and First Ball Down the
Leg side for wide umpire Mr Ravi Singh
This Time Signaling That Wide
The Two Batters Harshal and Nikhil Chauhan
Faisal Khan Already Started
Will wait for the umpire's signal
That Came From the Bat, Not Leg By
So not a big target only 28 to win and
Adami Titans Will Go For That First Win And
Let's See If Something Magic Is Coming in the
The bing side is gently pushed
And two runs will be taken here, best
running between the wickets
I think the Pink Monkeys captain has arrived. V
Are you waiting for WW?
So Good Start From Admit Titan Seven
Runs on the board five balls be bowled
Harshal and Nikhil last ball of the first
Over Coming Up
And single to the end of the over one was gone a
For no loss they need just 20 runs in coming
four overs
Slow bowling medium pacer completely missed
It
Dinesh Shel is the bat and the bowler
One fielder at long on and one at long off
It's a two-over power play in progress
28 to Win Only Good Bowling
Good start from Dinesh back to back to
Dot balls.
And we have the break through from Dinesh Gud
Bowling
Something to Cheer Also for the Team Aquarians
Ragnall Titans on the Field
And they say in low scoring games
Will we see more drama here?
Back to back wickets here
Team Aquarius Reginald Titans Some Magic
will do
Just 20 runs more in the coming 3.3 overs
It looks easy but playing conditions
Hello and good morning. Second Match Coin
Toss and between the two captains.
Outside That Was a Chance of the Catch
Good Attempt to Take That with One Hand But
Couldn't get hold of it
One last ball at 1.510 in the second over
Only 18 runs needed
And this time good strike and wow
Excellent taken there best catch
Nothing can be said here Dinesh Shelar
He has taken two wickets for two runs and bowled two overs.
18 runs needed in two and three overs after 10.
Somewhere the pressure has increased here.
Is. We're going for the coin toss and the team
Management One Ill One Team Having the Golden
Moments
Captured
Before the coin toss of the second match, W
Two and Pink Panthers
Good bowling from Dinesh
Captain Hemant from Pink Panthers
Abhishek from WW first of all
first of all how is the feeling
Is?
It's good the wicket is still soft due to
Due to this, winning the toss will really matter.
ok smile on the face says it all
That we will win the match and take the trophy
How is the feeling?
It's been a great feeling for two years now.
If we are participating then this year also we
People got a chance, thank you Pankaj ji, thank you.
ICICI Lombard So
I will try to win, thank you.
Big Round Off Plus About The Captain Joining
V in the counter for the owner Mr. Himanshu
Sir, what would you like to say, smile on your face
There is always for the management team what
is what is the feeling from your side
Only one thing, just let's enjoy
Let's enjoy that's a very small message and
The Coin Tors Heads and Tails
Ah Madam
This is
Yes Miss Supriya Madam joining for the coi
Call From Pink Panthers
Okay head was a call from the Pink Panthers but
It Came Tells You Want the Dares What You
Decided and Why?
We want bowling first as I mentioned ah the
The wicket is soft, we want the pitch to be tried.
Till we come for batting. So that is one are
The team has decided to bowl first.
What You Say How What Runs Will
Restrict them? Because we have seen it first
Match still 28 is it fin but still the bowling
It is going very good from the bowling side.
The Team Aquarians take on the Titans. what you
Want to say about this match also? this is a
Good Match Like Comparing If We See The First
Over and as Sir said, we're here to just
Enjoy. We don't want him, we want him too
Play. We want us also to play. And We
Want us to play like a sportsman
And have that sportsman spirit. Who ever
Wins and Loses The Game Should Win.
He says any team will win here.
The cricket government will win. They say victory
What is needed and which one will it be this time?
Government? I would say cricket's government. So
What does it feel like to see the Pink Panthers batting first?
What total should we make in five overs?
Age a big challenge total 50 plus 60 plus. We
People would like to score 50 plus.
There is also due. The ground is a little wet so chase
It will be a little difficult to do. So we our
The target will be 50 plus in five overs.
OK, I wish you all the best both the
Captain.
All the best. Thank you so much sir.
So the team T WTW won the toss and
Decided to ball first, stay tuned for the
Live action.
So that was a toss time and we are back in the
Match.
This Time Very Good Stop Only Single Run
Taken
2.5 16 for Too High in the Air But It Was
O!
A Bit of Slope in the Field Due to Dew
Factor
single two two run two end of over so three
Was gone 18 for two and then just needed 10
Runs in coming to overs, there is still a chance that
Wickets in this coming over
And try to defend a little bit here.
Will Aquirus Ragna Titans
3 overs: 18 runs needed off 10 balls
Very Crucial Over of the Match Coming Up
And And Once Again Is That Dinesh Shelar
He Can Do Something Special Match here
Try turning completely here
Will give away only two runs in the first over
And took two wickets to his name
Whatever has to be done, it has to be done in this over only.
For both teams
What a match, first match very interesting
to watch
Excellent Bing but the keeper misses
That's one by given they need dot ball S Amit
is chatting there from the long off fielder
That dot ball needed only will be
They can defend the score 27
No runs from 11 balls
Yes That's What They Needed Excellent Bing
Medium pacer doing a good job Dinesh
Nine runs needed from 10 balls, to be seen
whose government
The short pitch ball has been pulled in the air
Perfect timing and excellent catch
Got the wicket at the right time. Dinesh got
Third wicket.
Completely won the match here.
Is.
So doesn't matter what score you made 27 28 it
Matters How You Defend This 27 Total Also
And wow that's a very good bowling. they need
Nine runs from nine balls. It's a Run Ball
But the tension is rising on Adam Titans now
What a catch that was taken by Vishal at
Square Leg
Almost 10 to 15 meters
Running
Only Single This Time
Eight runs needed in eight balls. what a match
this is
Just to Run Considered
Wit a bit of miss time and just away from
The Fielder
Looking London Talking Tokyo
Runs are not easy from the ball
Still Both the Teams
Last ball of the fourth over
That's up an over high in the age chance for the
Catch one bounce they'll be going they're going
For two runs could be the chance of running out but two
Rans Taken
So four overs gone 23 for three and they need
five runs in six balls
Om
What is this?
Important over and no runes
Five Ball Five Needed What a Match
Shashikant Kirdat in The Binge Attack Abhishek On
strike
Just Single
four balls four runs
Four Ball Four Runs Here We Go and Down the
Leg side o keeper also misses
Runs are found here and the score is level now
Three runs have come extra here.
Adammed Titans
And the bowler is very much disappointed with that
Bowling down the leg side
Two Runs Taken Just One Run Needed Now for the
Admit Aids To Get This First Match Win.
Oh good stop still something to be cheer for
The Equus Ragnall Titans
One run needed in three balls
We will have to see whose government will be there.
Cricket will have a government
One run needed from three balls
It's a Bit of Attacking
That's a wide ball and that's it, that's the end
of the match admd titans de won the first
Match of the ICICI Laboratories Brokers
Premier League Two to Six Excellent
Bowling performance also from Aqus Titans
They Kept the Match
something interesting but finally that
Extra runs considered by Shashikant
Change the course of the match completely.
So that's the end of the first match.
We are two brother umpires
And we will all be in readiness for the second
Match of the Tournament
So all in redness to start the second match
of the tournament
Pink Panthers vs. WTW
So the Man in Purple Across the Field of the
Fatima Grounds of the Fantastic
We call them Lords of Mumbai.
and Pink Panthers The Men in Pink Rest
Sakkare and Rahul Sawant the opening pair and
Ganesh Kadam will start the proceedings
We go in the in the count of five four three
Two One Game On
Looking to Play
Some Innovation Very First Ball
But no one here could time it properly.
No runs
Attempted reverse shot from
Rest
This time I have made space and blown it into the air
ball
Two runs will be taken here, it has definitely been stopped.
The ball will stop here on the boundary line.
Already two runs were added to the total
Pink Panthers opened their account with two runs.
with
The Will Go All the Way for Four Runs
Check Mic Check
o Excellent effort by the fielder
Behind MS Dhoni
So One Was Gone 10 Folks Pink Panthers
For a second over Tushar Pawar comes into the
Attack.
Second match of the tournament in progress
As the first match was played between Adit
Title Versus
Titans Adam Titans They Got a Victory
Oh that's a very good bowling
And suddenly Messi enters the field football
Skills That Stop and Single Taken Quickly
11 for no loss
Toast delivery and looking to play for big
One Knot
Didn't get the proper elevation to play that shot
Ball vents towards long on for a single run
Rahul Sawant now on strike
Vishram got one boundary of five
And let see
And that's a good strike that will go there
is a no fielder the ball
Oh that's a very good stop
We thought the ball would run away for the boundary
But no, the fielder is almost reminiscent of the
Fielding side of Mohammad Kaif Jonty Rush
And the latest trending Glenn Phillips one
of the fantastic
Legendary Fielders We Have Seen in the
Cricketing Era
Three runs taken, one run for the team good
Fielding
15 for No Loss
Very shot of pitch length and very much outside
The leg stump line for wide umpire Mr.
Naushad Khan Signalling That Wide
16 runs no wickets
That's a fuller lie up and over
Just a Single
at mid off
It's a good start from Rahul and
Rest
And Let's See If They Can Continue The
Momentum as a playing run rate of 10.20
Very Good Bowling Bowling
Into the Block Hole Tushar Pawar Very Good
Bowling One Run Conceded Only Now
At Rans Considered So Far and Last Ball
Coming up off the second over 18 for no loss
And that's beaten completely and of the over two
Go On 18 Funo Los Pink Panthers
So to go on 18 furlongs
And here the on-field pitch is being discussed.
Is.
Who will bowl the next over?
That's the end of the power play.
That's the end to the power play maximum
Fielders can be guided around the circle but the four
Fielders minimum should be inside the circle.
Want to make a place here and play Totally Beat
You have to watch this ball
Will wait for umpire signal
That Came Not From The Bat Batsman Misses
Keeper misses and runs to bus
20 for no loss
Once Again Looking to Connect Completely Miss
Good bowling from Vinod
And Rahul is just looking to play
Towards that square leg region is strongest
Area
And that's a good strike the fielder is running
The ball is going but the ball will win the race
Four Runs
Good strike from Rahul, that's what he
Was Looking For and Finally Got the Boundary
With that four runs 24 on the board pink
Panthers
Now give a fielder standing at deep backward
[ __ ] Leg
So two fielders
Backward Squat Leg and Squat Leg Deep
square leg fielder at mid wicket
also now
A bit of mid-wicket and cow corner
Looking for the Rivers The Big Appeal Big Shout
but not out
So only four runs given by Vinod Goodbye
excellent
Bowling Once Again Not Able to Connect
Rahul Sawant
And that's a good strike, very good stop.
And that's the end of the over three gone 25 for
No Loss Pink Panthers
25 runs no wicket after 3 overs
So, these rans came in the previous over three over
25 no wickets
Lots of changes in fielding here.
From the WW team
Rahul Sawant
A beautiful Snickers shining white I will
Request one more copy from him.
Oh that's very good bowling.
But Rahul will say this limited edition what
I'm waring.
25 runs with a wide, now no wicket on 26
No Pink Panthers
This time he has pulled the short pitch ball.
But the fielder is there.
Only a single bit of due factor still on
Not Getting the Properly
Time Really Well the Better But They Are Not
Getting the Proper Elevation to Play Big
Hits
Mahesh Bhosle in The Attack
Tap and Play Just Guiding the Ball Towards
The third man region the ball will stop before
crossing the boundary line they are looking
For three but o there's something mixed up
Direct hit could be the chance the throw was
Not That Fine
From the Non-Striker to the Non
Stryker End
29 for no loss
And that's played up and over one bounce in
Defence
Four runs wow so beautiful so elegant just
looking like a wow
33 for no loss to boundaries from Vishram
And one from Rahul
3.33
very much outside the offer land
Wide plus one run to run extra added
Pink Path Will Settle Up the Big Score
Let's See 50 Plus Will Be the Challenging Total
to w tw
Going back for a good strike, but only a
Single Eight Leg
36 for no loss
O that's a very good bowling completely miss
Looking to Connect
But Beaten 36 for No Loss Last Ball Coming Off
The fourth over 11 of the over so
Once Again Very Good Bowling If You Are Medium
Pacer this is the pitch for you four over gone 36
For No Loss Pink Panthers Coming Up The Last
Over of the first innings
Vinod into the attack for the last over
First Inning Try to Ball o Trying to
Ball That Leg Cutter
But going down the leg side for wide
S V Se for the left arm spin left
Arm Orthodox
Will Get Only Single We Talking About That
50 Plus Let's See Vishram and Rahul De
Have the ability to play the big hitting 38
Last five balls of the first innings
This time he blew the ball over the fielder.
The fielder in the deep tried to stop it here.
Try but the ball will go over the boundary line
Strong four outside
Excellent timing for four what next ball
will also come for because this heart wants more 42
No wicket in the last four balls.
Vishram and Rahul are ready.
Vishram V3 19 off 12 Rahul 14 with one
Four
Once again looking to play cut shot but what
Was that it was a chance a big smile on the
on the face wicketkeeper
He let them go, let's play.
Today is your day 43 for no loss went for one
Bye
That's a good strike high in the air
They will go far too easily and they get to run
45 for no loss last two balls coming up
will they get 50 plus will they reach till 50
Down on the Track
Chance of run out here
But it seems to have arrived
46 Last Ball Coming Up of the First Inning
Here we go Vinod to Vishram
Full toss ball, miss it completely and that's it
Dot ball to and so five was gone 46 for no
Los Pink Panthers
And the 47 to Win Will Be Challenging to Chase
State for the Live Action
WTW Need 47 to Win
Hello and welcome back once again to the
ICICI Lamba Presents Brokers
Premier League Two to Six Season Three Mumbai
Edition
And the Pink Panthers on the Field
A Fantastic Shining Jersey of Pink
Panthers
Requesting Team WTW
Come on Batters.
Yes Mr. Himanshu sir is ready. Sir is saying
Yes, give me the bat. I went to bat
I am going.
Waiting for the One All One Team Also to Play
In this tournament. All Are Excited Once
again
The One All One Is One Team Orange Army
He has his last year's orange juice quota left.
Is.
So I will request [laughs].
After winning the match.
Here We Are the Two Betters
From the dugout a big whistle pod whistling
47 To Chase Not Easy
And the Pink Panthers Completing the Hurdle
So welcome back once again the second innings of
Play-off second match of the tournament
W TW Need 47 rns All in Redness Ganesh
step
Will Take Strike and Vishwa Kiran Mashelkar
Non-Non-Strike with the New Green Ball
And Prateek Kadam will start so Kadam to Kadam
Keep moving forward step by step towards victory.
Who will win now? Who will lose? Who
Will you be called a magician?
Who will become the Sikandar of destiny?
All we need is victory and this time cricket
Government of.
I was totally beaten. Excellent first ball
Pratik Kadam has started it.
Mr. PK to Mr. GK
There is one fielder at deep extra cover
The two fielders outside the circle one at
long on
Wow excellent that's a good strike for
Four Runs
Weighted for the ball slicing it nicely
Beats the fielder and a cracking boundary
From Ganesh Kadam.
Played with good timing. Now this
would like to in every over
Let's talk about required run rate. every over
Nine runs 10 runs in.
They will have to keep pace with this.
The fielder was at deep extra cover. Now Deep
Fielder positioned at backward deep point
Is.
A Quick Change in the Field Settings
Mr. PK to GK.
Oh that's a good strike. That's gone high in
The Air. One bounce in to the fence. Widey
Long off for a boundary.
The ball was just about to enter the washroom
Hit Rans Wow Ganesh Kadam Back to back four
good batting
Powerful, fantastic, explosive four
Capitalizing the Power Play
Plaid really fine up an over long off for
Four
Again the field setting changes from Deep Point
Fielder at deep extra cover
Let's See in Word Ganesh Kadam
where he will focus
To score many runs, very good binge
From
PK
Prateek Kadam Only A Single Run This Time Good
comeback
Hi
And That's a Good Shot Once Again
But the ball will stop before crossing the
Boundary line.
And very good start from Team D
WW. One was gone 12 for no loss they
Need 35 runs in 24 balls
in four overs
One Was Gone 12 For None Rahul Sawant
number 17 jersey
They're saying the number 17 jersey isn't like that.
Threat for Region
Need to come back the team Pink Panthers
They are looking for the wicket
That's a very good run up, good strike, give a
Fielder Standings
at
Mid wicket very good throw that was
excellent throw
But to Rans Taken
14 runs, no wickets, score off here
WTW
Going on the back foot and playing well stopped by the
fielder admit on
Oh great effort great effort wow good
Fielding
Excellent work only single run given
15 for No Loss
Ganesh Kadam
back on strike 11 five to four
That's a Good Strike in the Air and Taken
By Pratik
The number 18 jersey on the back
and second symbol coming
To that the appreciation
Second wicket fall of WTW
First wicket fall inside
So 1.3 15 for one
Another 32 runs needed in 3.3 overs at 1.315.
The New Better Vinod
Left hand on strike
Take away for a single run
One single to off the mark
We have Vishwa Kiran and Vinod Double V on the
crease
31 runs needed from coming 20 balls
That's a good strike up and over
Excellent timing that will go all the way for
Four Runs and Look at the Signal from the
umpire
Capitalize the Power Play
Over the mid-on fielder for four runs first
Boundary from Vishwa Kiran bat and last
Ball coming up of the second over 24 one
w t w
Looking London Talking Tokyo High and There
And O
Both the fielders are there, it seems morning
for a nap but he has got some hurt
and both the fielders were attempting to take
That catch but one fielder well taken there
Anil Catch
I wanted to play police station but the ball went away.
Poona and the fall of wickets
ball
Here the inside edge of the wicket is two overs away.
After 20 runs, two WTWs in three overs
27 runs needed
27 needed off 20 balls after two overs
Rahul Sawant for two in 10 balls
On the bing and once Prak step first over very
It proved to be quite expensive. 12 runs
He had given the ball and has come in search of wickets.
New batsman Vaibhav will face the first ball
S A Two Fielder One at Mid Wicket One at Cow
Corner
One at Deep Point
One Ed Long of Long On
Completely beaten, good bowling
Looking to play offside
miss it completely
26 needed from 2.4 overs to win this match
Pink Panthers will look for wickets
Score that outside edge the fielder at third
Man for a single run
That's a left and right combination burning
The Calories of the Opposition
We Are The Fantastic Left Right Tee
Combination from Australia side Ricky
Pointing and Matthew Hayden one of the
Legendary Batters
from Australia
2003 World Cup still remembered
Excellent Bowling Into The Block Hole
Just a single.
So talking about the error of the 2003 World Cup
Witness a fantastic match but India lost
In the final against Australia and the day still
Remember March 1, 2003
India and Pakistan and Sachin got out of
A Different Era
For Indian Cricket Team
Mean while coming back to the match o that's out
Gone
Caught behind the third wicket fall and Pratik
Kadam has got the breakthrough here. So three
Was gone 23 for three and the match is here
Totally toughened up. Needed in two overs
24 runs. 24 runs needed in two overs here
The most important over to win
Crucial over of the match coming up
One bowler can bowl two overs.
So total four bowlers
Three go on 23 for three 24 runs and 12
Balls Here We Go
No run there, good bowling
This is the only over Hemant
Can defend for the team he will try to level
Best to ball
Two three run five run will be the only ask
from Hemant in this over
The Captain of Pink Panthers Hemant
Going down the leg side for a wide
and just over the fielder but there's a back of
fielder was there chance for the run out and
Gone Good Throw
its variant
There was a back of fielder a quick
reflexes
Pink has got a wicket here at the right time.
to the Panthers
And here the pressure increases with W.T.
On the W Team
Mahesh the new batter first ball o
The dream of a missed catch broke the hearts of all the fielders.
broken and this could change the match at the right time
But on the previous ball he got run out and
This could be the one more wicket interesting
The match could happen but luck will be on your side.
Names of WTW
I will take two runs here. 20 runs needed now
In nine balls.
That's a very good bowling.
20 runs in eight balls. 20 runs in eight balls.
Will try to hit two big hits. 20 runs
Needed in eight balls.
This time he has lifted the ball in the air.
Excellent attempt by the fielder by
Sign.
A bit of judgement there. Couldn't Get Hold
Off it. And to Rans Taken.
18 runs needed in seven balls.
Whose government will be Pink Panthers or W
Tw
Need that one big hit at least in this coming
ball
18 runs in seven balls
Well left by the better going outside the of
stem line for wide
17 To Get From Seven Balls
Just a single they will get very good bowling
From Hemant A Run Considered Only
Four gone 31 for four and need 16 runs
16 runs in six balls
And after this match coming up match number three
That Will Be Against Aquarius Ragnall Titans
versus the match to loser Joe match here team
If she loses, she will play Aquarius Ragnall of the Titan.
Match number three with
Who will win four overs for 31?
Which government will lose cricket?
Hogi Sarkar needs 16 runs in one over
Vikas Shukla is back on Bing and this time
The ball is blown in the air, catches and matches
Fall of five wickets
Pink Panthers
in defending this target completely
Now it is becoming successful. gradually
Rahul has taken the catch.
16 runs needed in five balls. 4.131 for
Five.
Variant
Match for both the teams
Tushar Pawar the new better at coming at number
Five balls and 16 runs from here we go
And very easy catch got behind
One more wicket fall, consider it a very simple catch
handed over Motichoor laddu in the hands of
31 for six back to back wickets and development
Now on a hat-trick
cow behind rest
16 runs needed in four balls and Vikas
Shukla on hat-trick
Sohan on strike, four balls 16 and this time
The ball has been lifted in the air, a chance for a hat-trick
But the ball is safe, O that's a dew
Factor
Sloppy on the Field
need to take care of it because maybe you got
Hurt of that due factor on the field still
On
Two runs will be taken here and 14 runs are needed.
in balls
Two wickets, one boundary and two fours
And one six.
Yes that's a very good bowling. Now Coming To
Fair Deliveries.
Just a formality to Team WW.
14 runs needed in two balls.
Slow ball. Excellent bowling throughout
Got beat. Clever bowling from Vikas
Shukla.
Just one ball left and 14 runs to get.
This time it has blown away. Is this catch and grab?
Have taken it. What is the matter. best
Fabulous
And with this Pink has won this match.
Panthers. De Vaughn by 13 Rans Klin
Victory from W.T.W.
Stay tuned for the next match coming up
Aquarious Raganile Titans Will Take Up With
w t w
and Request Captain from Aquarius Ragnall
Titans
Looks like he has already arrived. since my arrival
Have already arrived.
and Captain from WTW
ok captains
So who will call?
WWR
Titers Will Call
Hades is a call
Hades it is
Thank you
Three Bowlers Total
Another opportunity here to see both teams
By how many runs would the highest rung have won this match?
Maximum Net Run Rate
Will Decide
Chances to qualify.
So different format Group A, Group B,
Group C, Group D playing
And then the quarter finals 16 teams then at
Teams
Om
We are all in readiness welcome back once again
To the ICICI Lambar present brokers
Premier League Two and Two Six Season Three
Mumbai Edition
First Ball Looking to Play Across the Line
completely missed it
Went for dot ball.
So the match between aquarius ragnald titans
Versus WTW
Equus Ragna Titan One The Toss Id To Bat
First
Looking to play for the big one, good bowling
only a single run
So here are the two betters Amit Goyal and Faisal
Khan and Ganesh Kadam already started the
Proceedings
Change in the field settings for the left
hand batsman give a fielder at
Square leg one fielder at long on
Between square leg and mid-wicket
It's coming right arm round the wicket for the
Left hander let's see yes Amit on strike
First ball he will face
Strike to ball something different fuller but
Going down the leg side for a wide umpire
Mr Om Singh singling that wide too for
No Loss
And this time good strike high and in the air
Will it go for four x excellent effort
By the fielder.
But that will go all the way for four runs.
Good strike.
The short has been played with good timing
Pitch ball. and on the first ball,
Four runs outside.
Fielder placed slightly in the mid-wicket area
Is. Now
Standing bit off square leg
And this time good strike high and yes change
In the field settings
Good captaincy and that's gone wicket fall
This is the game of cricket, weighed in a moment.
Masha Kabhi Khushi Kagam Who Will Be The Match Of
Singham
Good catch again by Vishwa Kiran at mid-wicket
Four Balls Being Ball Six for One Aquarius
Ragnall Titans
Captain Manikan
At the Center Number Three
Oh that's a very good bowling. going back foot
And looking to play up and over but
Completely missed it.
Six Runs Consider Back Ganesh Kadam and One
Wicket on his name. So Good Start Given
Good Start from W to W
Bowling side
Oh what was that?
Thought may be of something a swing bowling
batsman misses keeper misses and one by two
End of the over one gon se for one equus ragna
Titans one over seven for one
Vinod
That Was a Good Cat Sunny
Second wicket fall of Equus Raganal Titans
W to W Vinod on the Money
Pay two
Vishal comes to bat, will Vishal hit?
Huge Hits
Vishal Iyer on strike
The Two Balls Left for the Power
So three overs match only one over power play.
1.5 12 for two.
That's a good strike. Hard hit.
A very good stop.
The fielder standing at
That will end of the over number two to was gone
14 for two last over coming up of the first
innings
And let's see now what Faisal Khan and
Vishal Iyer
At least 10-15 runs in the coming last over and
Let's see what WTW will
Restrict
Them Below 25
That's Played Straight
Get Only a Single
Tushar Pawar into the bowling attack
First over game six runs then seven runs
short pitch ball
That's a toast of delivery
And well taken once again Sunny is having a
Shining Day to take back-to-back catches
I think Sunny has Feviquick in her hands.
is stuck. back to back two catches taken and
15 for three.
New Batter Dheeraj Methri Coming at Number Five
up n over
Will they go for two that's a good throw chance
for the run out
End to Runs Taken
Endurance of the Mark V to Runs Last Three
Balls coming up of the first inning for 17
Three last three balls must see Aquarus
Rangnal Titans
Three big hits or [music] two big hits
Will you be able to install it or not?
Good ball, totally beaten here.
Last two balls, three for 17 in this first innings.
Oh that's out. Outside edge and simple catch.
17 for four. That's the unlucky number. be at 17
The danger is gone.
Keeper Abhishek
Last ball coming up of the first innings
17 for four.
The New Better Vaibhav Saarvi
Looking to Play for Big Ones Not Got the
Proper connection.
So one leg bye to end of the innings. Three
Four off over 18 and only 19 runs here.
Have to make WTW. best
Fielding performance.
Stay Tuned to Watch the Exciting Saturday
Weekend Vibes of the Cricketing ICC
LUB Presents Brokers Premier League Two
Two Six
Three Point Over Mumbai Edition
For the coin toss, match number four came
Request Captains from Addamed Titans
and Pink Panthers Match Number
One winner vs. Match Number Two winner
Pink Panthers Captain
And Admit Titans Captain
Request Pink Panthers Captain
Adam Titans Captain is already here
And wa two batters come as soon as possible
And Once Again Happy Faces and Why Not
Winner vs. Winner first of all how is a
feeling
It feels great to win the first match.
So now we will try further that second
to win the round
And say Ed Adams titles gave this match
Won or lost, we won [laughs].
So Dheeraj how is a feeling yours that million
Dollar Smile says the second match is very
A fierce battle is about to take place.
Yes Pink Panthers are the very good team. We
I have played with him in the past. So all the
Best. We will maintain team spirit.
Yes. Ok. Winning or losing in an eventual game
It will keep happening but we will fight for the best.
OK fight to win. Ok Bye.
Ok. I think next year my my
There should be a team too. Match official.
[Laughter]
So
Admit Aids Will Call.
You on the dos Pink Panthers what you will
Decide v Ball First
OK I wish you all the best all [music] The
Best
Next Match After This Match Coming Up Pink
Panthers vs. Edmonton Titan Pink Panthers
Have binged here to admit titans
Batting is given
This time I made a place here. Game in the Gap
and the ball is going towards the boundary line
Outside off for four runs.
And the very first ball of the innings Ganesh
Steps to Striking It Really Well
Only 19 runs to win
Just of delivery and well driven inu the
covers
They will go for two
Good batting, good start
looks like they can easily complete this
Target in two overs
16 balls left and 13 runs to get
Looking for a Big One
May be leg bye leg bye by umpire mister
Ravi Singh
Vishwa Kiran
Mashilkar on strike
Excellent shot up and over very well played
Four runs strong, brilliant four
The bigger the name, the more powerful it is.
Just four balls, 11 runs, no wickets.
Eight runs needed, now we have to see whose government it is.
It seems like the government will be of WTW
At Rans
end 14 balls left
Dinesh Shelar was very effective in the
First Match and Now You Can Have a Watch
Expensive in this over 11 runs in four
Seven runs needed in 10 balls to win this match
For
That's a good strike up and over sh pitch
I pulled the ball, I made the ball go round.
End of the over, no give one ball for four runs
Left
16 runs off five balls, we were talking about two overs.
I think I'll finish the match.
Balls coming soon
I will finish the match in just three runs.
need
Will take a single here, excellent batting from
Vishwa Kiran and Ganesh one was gone 17 for n
Only two runs needed
Two runs needed in two overs, 16 in the first over
Dinesh has given runs here.
Still Dinesh having a big smile on his face
Because they said in the toss time that we just have fun
Entertainment
And that's a strategy they're applying
Down the leg side for a wide and that's it
That's the end of the match in just six
Balls
Cleese Victory from Equus Titans
WTW One by 10 Wickets
Stay tuned to watch the match it's a match number
Three Has Been Ended and Match Number Four
OK, we are all in readiness to start the match.
Number Four
Yeh Dil Maange More Harshal & Saurabh The Opening
Pair End Pratik Kadam Will Start
Three exciting games and match number four
First Ball
Sh pitch ball going backfoot and playing at
Mid on region for single
Single to Start with
One for No Loss
Saurabh on strike
Oh wow good good work by the wicketkeeper
hitting on the body
And that's MSD for you behind the stumps
So two fielders on side as one fielder at
Cow Corner and One at Squall
Excellent Bowling in the Block Hole Straight
Very good bowling to the fielder and mid on
From Prateek Kadam Mr. PK
Slicing down toward point region a
Very good throw, good fielding
only a single
A different field setup for Saurabh and
Different for Harshal. that's a good strategy
From Pink Panthers.
Oh wow good bowling in to the block hole. chance
Direct hit but he was well inside the
crease end
Two Rans Taken There.
two leg byes
And this time it's a good strike, but the fielder is
There and a quick throw o' confused both the
Batters yes no yes no and gone that's run out
Very good throw by the fielder
And that's a first wicket fall of Adam
Titans
The Miscommunication Between Saurabh and Harshal
And that's a first wicket fall
Good throw from Hemant one was gone six one
Adam Titans
Tejas, a new batter has arrived. Tejas Express
I have booked my ticket and come to bat. by winning
If you go, you will go home by Tejas Express only.
Will go.
And this time it has been lifted. The ball is too high
She has gone.
I have grabbed it. The ball went so high that
As if she had come after saying hello to the air hostess.
After saying hello to the air hostess, catch
It is necessary to take it here. have taken
Wicket and a wicket Rahul Sawant
Strikes.
Second wicket fall of admit Titans it's a
Very Good Judgement by the Fielder to Take That
Catch Running and Taken symbol is fine.
Good Catch Pratik Kadam
Pratik Kadam stepped forward and took the catch.
taken
Nikhil Chauhan The New Better Coming Number Four
And the change in the commentary box is the biggest one.
Experience the OG Baazigar, our Mr. Om
Singh Sir
who is a great umpire, cricketer, everything
He is something, he is an all-rounder. He is a good commentator.
Have joined. The next voice will be Mr. Om.
Lion Over to you.
Thanks Mitesh.
For giving me a chance. I am your very
I am thankful. Next ball towards the pavilion
From.
A male name
Rahul Teja full toss ball
Pratik is a very good fielder but
Rahul making a mistake here
And
At the end of two overs
11 runs, two wickets
Now Pratik Kadam has come to bowling.
taking the second over
from the pavilion
The power play is over. Five players
You can stay outside.
And Om Sir C Om Singh Sir see One All One
The team is ready for the photo but we have to
But no one has been invited. [Laughter]
The next ball was a good ball, it was a good ball to hit.
Whether towards the point, but completely beaten
It took the inside edge and went into the hands of the keeper.
made no mistake
Our umpires for this match were Tajmal Khan and Naushad.
Sir, very experienced umpires.
Next ball, very good ball, it goes to the on side.
See fielder and fielder
Made a small mistake and that's why the boundary
On the line for four runs
The score reached 15 runs
Bowler very angry Pratik
Pratik bowls next ball
Again it was a full length ball. was on his feet
Like it has been played on the leg side. want to see
The batsman ran for the second run and the second
Completed the run also.
two overs three balls
17 runs, two wickets.
Jagan Sir, Karthik Sir, the founder of JFSC
And Kannan Sir.
Our Go Live Team
Bala is on camera
and Vinay on broadcaster
Fifth ball of this over, a slightly short ball.
which was played on the leg side by the fielder
Got to see him there run for a run
Batsman. The second run was risky but
finished off.
Very good running between the wickets.
Pratik is very angry with his fielders.
Where one run should have been scored, two runs were scored.
Where there were two runs, four were scored.
Score reached 20 runs in 2 overs and 5 balls
wicket
Last ball of this over
This was also a slightly pitched ball on the leg side.
I want to play, I want to hit a little harder
But the ball
And in this way he got out on the second run.
Nikhil
He looked a little tired because
Tejas ran two runs repeatedly.
21 runs at the end of three overs
and three wickets
Excellent here Mr Om Singh Kafi
The cricketer is experienced and has been in the previous season
I have played tennis ball a lot. So I question
I would like to say that this is a very historic event.
There is a field. A very good one for you
You have done a lot of umpiring here.
But it has been done. What would you like to say to the next
Talent is our emerging face that says
Young blood young talents about them
What would you like to say? Where to start
Should I do it? Grass root tennis or leather?
No, if you're interested in playing, leather
One should play with the ball only because in that
You are taught that you are a batsman named Sir
Tajmul Sir Batsman Name
Yogesh is the new batsman
So, I want to tell Mitesh that
We will start with the leather ball only where
We are taught quite a lot
And a very good catch
I was standing at extra cover, I jumped a little.
they had to do
Good judgement, took a good catch there.
The catch is
And you are absolutely right Om Sir that leather
We should start with the ball, so we also used leather
I started with ball, then tennis, then like
like here
Interest increased and he came to the commentary box.
Very good catch by Vikas, he jumped on time.
That's why the catch landed in my hands.
Or remind us of those good fielders clan
Phillies Legendary Fielders Jonty Russ
Mohammad Kaif Faf du Plessis very good
Om Sir played cricket as many times as he could
Former cricketers were
He has played excellent cricket.
That era was very different. Om Sir
Our era was different. as much as in the present day
Cricket has become so fast that you can bowl just one or two balls.
Can't miss it. On every ball you
We have to play for runs.
Yes, you are absolutely right. That 50-over game
It used to happen. He wants to weigh five or six overs.
Were. Rahul Dravid who was a good player.
Batting well throughout the slog overs
Were. After 15 overs of power play. 16 overs
His batting was excellent from 1st to 40 overs.
He stood at the crease and made runs and
The runs that came in the last 10 overs
It was a great time.
The ball was a very good ball. Long on key
Wherever he plays, the player is fielding.
Very good fielding.
Rahul's second over.
So it has become very quick after 2007
The T20 will be a 10-over match and then a five-over match.
After the over, we saw the three-over match here.
It happened here, so it was a very quick game.
He says that there is a tola in a moment and a masha in a moment.
Yes Mitesh you are right, your game is so fast.
It's over and we're short of overs in tennis.
You get a chance to be set.
I don't get the next ball very high.
I want to see Bowler Bridge but Rahul missed it.
tried hard to
Or at one point it felt like I had taken a catch
I want to say that the ball did not stick to his hand.
I wish they had Feviquick in their hands
should have been glued
If there was no effort, he gave 100 taka.
But he's angry with himself
And Om Sir, taking a reverse catch is absolutely perfect.
It becomes difficult
It wasn't easy, but they tried.
It is praiseworthy. Next ball from Rahul.
It was a good ball. coming out of good length
The bowler completely beat the batsman and the keeper
Did my job.
I think
Want to hit on the leg side.
Om sir hits the batsman over mid off for a big one.
The stroke must be played.
Yes, this ball was just above mid-off.
But the craze for tennis and cricket has increased so much.
It is said that 80% of the batsmen bowl on the leg side.
I play only in.
They feel that we will score more runs on that side.
It is available. But nothing like that. You are the ball
Play accordingly. Look, very nice ball
Played on point.
So you must score runs on every ball. This
You have to play accordingly.
You are absolutely right. That would have been a tactic
Is. There is a timing and that is clever
He has been our best batsman. God of
Cricket Sachin Ramesh Tendulkar. his praise
Whatever we do will be less because he was
Our Bajirao Singham Sachin Ramesh Tendulkar.
What a time the 2003 World Cup was like for you.
You must know Mr. Om Sir. excellent innings
He had played.
Yes, the very new baller evolution and ultimate
It's over. Four overs, 26 runs, four wickets.
Let's see how many runs the batsman scores in this over.
can add.
And Om Sir, you will remember Ricky Ponting.
Those were the times of aggression, Ricky
Sourav Ganguly used to describe Ponting as aggressive.
To.
But sir, that team was aggressive and deserved it.
was also there. He added someone in front of him.
Not till today.
There was no pride at all. their self-respect
It was on my own. Australia Team 99, 2003,
2007 World Cup back to back. Then in 2011
India achieved a historic victory.
Yes, Mahendra Singh Dhoni has a lot of influence in it.
It was a big role. Hit six runs off the last ball
That he won the World Cup for India.
Yes. And they say Gautam Gambhir's 97
It was a memorable innings.
It was a memorable innings sir but the
There is always a finisher, that's who gets the name.
Finished, started, Gambhir finished
MS Dhoni did it but he took the credit.
But at that time the name Mitesh Sir was more popular.
It was more about MS Dhoni that he
We won but the start which Gautam Gambhir gave
It was very praise worthy
Gautam Gambhir's 75 in the 2007 final
Rans Mare The Best Against Pakistan
India won the match. The next ball was bowled by Vikas.
The keeper stood up a little and
Again the ball fell in the no man line. one run
The batsman completed it comfortably.
So Om Sir, how much difference is there here?
That the ball travels in a leather ball.
We need to strike a blow here.
To hit the shot.
Yes, the ball is a little lighter and softer.
it occurs. That's why we have to hit with such force.
next ball
Played on the off side
And the batsman completed two runs.
Great throw there to deep backward square
There was a fielder present at leg.
Four overs, three balls, 31 runs, four wickets.
Om Sir, what do you think about the next three balls?
Is? 40 plus would be a good total. Happen
Needed The batsmen are trying their best.
But Vikas also read the entire situation and gave it to the batsman.
I am bowling. As soon as the batsman is off
If it is coming to the side then you are throwing it on the off side.
Yes, and everything is being missed.
Is equal. Vikas gives development to the team in front
They are not letting me do it.
Bowling as per the name and
Let's see how many runs she scores in two laps.
Team.
The next ball was a very good ball. Bowler's
Top-edged to the off side for a single
The batsman ran. I want to see the second run
and could not complete
Because we were playing a little on the back foot.
But this ball is a little
Great throw there by rest
from long off long off of long off of
The fielder's throw was not accurate here, but
But the ball reached the striker's end and
Got a wicket
Yes Amitesh
The throw was not according to his health
But somewhere a wicket was found and the last
Ball in this first innings 33 for five
Will it be 33 for six, 37 or 39?
or 34
What will I say on the last ball, Om Sir?
will hit two runs
I also feel like two runs because
Vikas is doing very well
Correct!
He has kept every ball on the off side.
Not giving any chance to the batsman
To kill.
Last ball of this over, very good ball.
But it was played on long on. back fielder
Is. Look and this is a very good catch.
Excellent catch. It would have been quite difficult
Is. Catching a high catch
And here
Om Sir lost. Mitesh also lost. field
The fielding team won.
33 for six off five overs, 34 to win. So
Om Sir, what do you think 34 is a good target?
Is. I think Vikas ji has
Restricted somewhere help
It will happen to them. Chase with ease 34
Run. Yes, the score is not very high, but
His bowling is also good. Good for them too
Will have to play. 33 runs can also be defended
Is. If two overs come out well from that
Let the fielding side come to the field quickly
In. Fielding the fielding team as soon as possible
Arrange the fielding.
And keep your batsman ready sir.
Fielding team, please come in as soon as possible.
There are many matches. 20 matches today
We have to play. So a little bit of you
Cooperation is also needed.
The team that plays at the right time will be on my side.
I'm expecting orange juice from
I am one all one team which is Orange Army if
If she wins the first match, she will get orange juice.
There will be a party and Anirudh ji has said okay.
You will receive an email reply confirming your done.
Has gone
Fielding team Fielding team just quickly
Let's get to fielding soon
Fielding Team
Batsmen, be ready.
So welcome everyone and once again
ICICI Brokers Premier League 2026
Season 3 Mumbai Edition
And Myself Mish Solanki in the Com Box
Joining
Umpire of this tournament also joining
in the com box having some chat a little
A little conversation with Om Sir about the previous match
Discussions That was a good time
Lots of cricketing stories here
You will get to hear it next, so stay tuned.
with. It remains to be seen who needs 34 runs.
There will be a government. Everyone is saying that there will be someone
We will say that cricket will be the government's responsibility.
Government.
Yes Mitesh, you have a lot of experience and
There is a lot of knowledge. Good commentary
You are there and your poetry is amazing.
We are waiting for that at 12:00
After that we will get a chance. No, definitely not
You will be given a chance. a little good in it
Recite poetry which will entertain us.
Yes, because we are also there on the ground.
I keep getting a little bored while standing. Yours
We will also feel a little happy after listening to the poetry.
Naushad sir please start a little early.
Yes, of course, he would like to say that flowers bloom.
There are hearts that meet and people like you
Om Sir is very difficult to meet.
Thanks Mitesh.
So 34 to chase for the Pink Panthers in coming
Five overs.
34 runs needed in five overs. first over
I have brought patience. From the pavilion side,
He is also the captain of the team.
Vishram and Non will come on strike
Pratik Kadam on strike. A K PK.
It remains to be seen if the Pink Panthers
More ruses will come here. first two overs
If the score reaches close to 20 runs in
So this target was completed easily Om Sir
do. As such
Yes, let's see how it starts.
Dheeraj is also a very famous bowler. He is not me
Think you can score 10 runs or more in your over.
Correct. Captain, try your best here.
do.
First ball second innings here we go.
Look at the very good ball. It has been cut.
The ball has to be looked at towards third man and this is the first
Mitesh for four runs
Yes, outside edge and it goes into the four-run gap.
I don't know where the commentator cursed the ball.
It is possible
Four runs off the first ball, brilliant.
A banging four.
Now 30 runs needed in 29 balls. Second
The ball was a good ball from Dheeraj in this over.
had the ball but he
Innovation Wow Scoop Shot
And this modern take is very common in cricket.
Rishabh Pant and Surya Kumar Yadav watch out
David Warner is as many batsmen as
who have innovated
He looks very good today
Looks great and is a safe shot right now.
The bat did not get middled. Otherwise, this too
The ball goes for four runs. top of the bat
The ball hit the edge. The next ball is very
It was a good ball. Slow to the off side
Pushed from. ran for a run
Batsman.
I think Pink will easily win this match.
The Panthers will win because the Rams are coming
More wides here and extras
The score will increase in runs.
Umpire Mission Naushad Khan there
Three balls, seven runs in this over.
Dheeraj bowls the next ball.
I wanted to cut it, I appealed very strongly but
Naushad makes no difference
Very experienced and good at leather ball and tennis ball
There are many well-known umpires. Tajmul Sir also
He was saying that the mark was August TV's
Pair
Yes, you must have heard
Like Mahendra Amarnath in our Indian team
And Surendra Amarnath and similarly Tajmul Sir
And Naushad Sir beat him on the next ball.
The keeper made no mistake.
These were also very historical players.
such as Andy Flower Grand Flower
From Zimbabwe Yusuf Pathan Irfan Pathan
Hardik Pandya Krunal Pandya
Pushed lightly towards third man
Batsman runs for a run
Eight runs, no wickets after one over
26 runs needed in four overs (26 runs, 24 balls)
Mitesh Score To Easy Nahi Kaha [Music] Ja
Can. Now Rohit has come who also plays the leather ball.
Left arm bowling very well
From.
Let's see his magic in tennis today. their today
There is a great need here
to your captain
What do you do to win?
Yes, definitely, this is about taking wickets in the over.
Will try. Now Rohit Nebalkar
Rohit Sharma's jersey number seven for a reason
My bad is jersey number 87, not number seven.
Mitesh ji, it seems your glasses number is
It is a little bit increased.
I should definitely change my glasses now.
Number.
It was a very good ball. in the block hole
Had put it. The batsman pushed gently and took a run.
I wanted to take it but there was a fielder there too.
Not taking runs while fielding well
Gave. Rohit's next ball.
Slight changes in fielding
Next ball, Rohit left round the wicket.
It was a very full toss ball, I have to watch it.
And
Made a slight mistake on the full toss ball and
four runs
In the area of ​​super cover
1.2
Ball 12 Runs
Left round the wicket and here it is again
What's up innovation wow
Absolutely fantastic
Made good use of yesterday's scooped
Hai and Stand and Scoop Wow
Dilshan gave a proper start with this shot.
Absolutely right Tilak Dilshan
The innovation that was done was a little angle down
He did it but the shot he played
He was no look, he did not even see
Absolutely
Like Rashid Khan no look shot in International
He plays the most after hitting
He doesn't even look at the ball to see where it went.
But they cross the line
16 runs, no wickets, 18 runs needed now
in the next 33 overs
A bit of a bad ball here and a lot outside off.
Rohit is quite out
did
Vimar Mar and the umpire called a no ball.
And this ball will be a free hit.
or losing some momentum, but
Now we will have to make a comeback in the next three balls.
In
This time the left arm will come over the wicket
Round Right Arm Left Arm Round the Wicket
from over the wicket
And tried to shoot once but it seemed
This is one by
No wide ball o that's down the leg side
Wide, we felt like the ball was over the stumps.
I don't understand it from this angle, but
The umpires have given the right decision.
Yes Mitesh Agli
Rohit's left arm over the wicket also
Wide ball signalling just outside off
Umpire Naushad
Yes, with this 20 runs have been scored, only 14
Runs needed to win this match Pink
I think the Panthers will win easily now.
We were just talking about Om Sir's 20 runs.
Came in two overs
No, Mitesh, you were right, saying 20 runs.
There are still three balls remaining in this over.
of
Next ball and hit it on the leg side.
No player and this is for four runs
the ball will go
Yes
And
Now Naushad Sir is in high spirits.
yes absolutely
Not excited yet
24 runs in one over and four balls
Another 10 runs needed in just 20 balls
We were talking about hitting 20 in two overs.
See 24 runs scored in 10 balls here
Pink Panthers are gone
This time it has blown away, this ball will go away
Straight into the constellation for six runs
So beautiful, so elegant, so powerful
Fabulous Just Looking Like A Wow
Last Ball Last Ball Dhurandhars Batter Pratik
step
Four runs needed off the last ball of this over.
Rohit's
What is trending right now is Om Sir Dhurandhar Sare
If you put a fanatic before the players, then one
Players get double energy
Yes!
Last ball of this over and hook it again
Is done
And
He has won the match. I have made it in my name.
Pink Panthers finished in just two overs
Is done. Pink Panthers won the match by
10 wickets.
Absolutely Fantastic and the First Team
To qualify in the quarter finals.
Stupendo fantastically fantastically majorly
Magical.
Six
A Request a Captain of WTW
End
Last Match of Match Number Five Request
Come on Ping Panthers Batters.
W to W
Come on Batters. Pink Panthers Already in the
Quarter finals. And this match which
will win
He will enter the quarter-finals. do it
Or Moro's situation do or die match.
Om
and a live
Hello, greetings, thanks, welcome everyone.
Is.
and once
ICI Lam Present Brokers Premier League
Two and Two Six Season Three
All in readiness to start match number five
of Group A stage
Waiting for one more team to qualify
Quarter Finals Pink Panthers Already In
The Quarter Finals and Who Will Get the
Second leg in the quarter-finals from
this group
Do or Die Match
Settings from Admin Titans
All set to start here we go first ball
Shot [ __ ] ball and that's high in the air o bit
Of miss judgement but the fielder he drop that
And One Run Taken
Om
The Two Batters Ganesh Kadam and Vishwa Kiran
Mashilkar
two balls, three runs, no wicket
Oh that's played straight excellent shot but
Very good fielding from Tejas suddenly from
Nowhere
Very good stop towards Tejas Express
Runs here straight from long on
Strait
And has stopped it, giving away just one run
excellent fielding
I couldn't stop myself from being disappointed here.
Is. Dheeraj follow through with a run here
Will take.
Every run is very important. three overs
This game.
So whoever wins this match will be the king.
Will enter the quarter finals.
Already Pink Panthers in Group A stage.
Excellent bing a little appeal there but
Umpire Mr. Om Singh unmoved
no signal there
So good start from Dheeraj five runs
Conceded and looking for the first wicket
here
Great Bowling Block Hole
Wanted to play on side but went away
Dheeraj has made a good start in the covers.
One Was Gone Six Los W Tw
All the teams of Group A played four matches.
Excellent performance. after this
There will be a Group B stage of all the same
Formats. What we have seen so far in this Group A
This is the stage in which match number five is going on.
16 Teams for That One Glory
Suraj Rathod comes into the bowling now.
And this time the ball has been blown away in the air.
And we will grab the best judgment there
And that's a first wicket fall of W
Tw
Sujeet Yadav Strikes
Went Very Much My in the Air and the First
Wicket Fall Good Catch Taken
At Long on Region
Om
New batsman Vinod on strike
That's a good shot, a good pick-up shot, but very
Good fielding
Once Again Tejas is Very Quick
only a single
Very good bowling from Sujeeth, good comeback
Only one run has been given and one wicket has been taken.
I have blown this ball many times and it has come in the air
And the fielder has taken a catch, that's a
Second wicket fall of WTW
Sujit Yadav and once
Excellent bowling, excellent fielding there
Admit Addons on
You can see the action replayer looking for a
Big Ones Not Got The Proper Connection [Music]
And timing distance was the issue and a good
Caught taken by Harshal 1.47
WTW
Om
Vivid scores 8 for two and this time
A Bit Edge
Playing Across the Line Coming Back for Two
End to Runs Taken
Score 10 off two runs [Music]
Now Rajesh is the new batsman and two runs on the first ball.
Opened an account with Vinod now landed
Are
After this over, the last over will be this first over.
Of the innings. Will definitely go for the big hit. Now
Rajesh
And here's Totally Beat, Across the Line
Wanted to play. excellent bowling
Sujit Yadav Take About Just Four Runs and Two
wickets
Too Gonna 10 for Two W [Music] TW
Two going trains for two
Good strike but just a single they are going
For two and this could be the chance of the run out
And He Has Gone
Once Again Tejas in the Picture
I think Tejas is a replica of Mohammad Kaif.
Replica of Junty Roads Many Other Fielded
Fab du Plessis Legendary Fielding Fielders
Across the World
Om
New Better Vaibhav
Coming at Number Five
yes no yes no chance the run out o
Leg bye Sing Umpire Mr Om Singh
Umpire Mr. Om Singh was there in the
Combobox Shared Some Fantastic Stories
off old cricket
Also giving motivation to all upcoming
Talents They Need to Play with a Leather Ball
Cricket
And it's cricket isn't any more gentlemanly
game. Cricket is every once game.
O that's bold him. Timber Shatters Dream
Scattered. That's a clean bowled. Good
Strike from the sea.
The leg stump has been totally beaten here.
ball.
And here at wicket number four, good bowling.
From Sagar 2.3 12 per 4 WT
W
Mahesh Bhosle the new batter on strike and
Very very good bowling.
What a pitch of a delivery this time from
Sea.
He gave only one run in four balls.
Is. Managed to take a wicket. best
Bowling. Last to Balls Coming Up of the
First innings.
Good strike. the fielder at long off mid
of India
13 off four last ball first innings
will they go for to run let's see
Chance for the run out
And that's not out so to Rans and the last
Ball three overs, four for 15 and only 16 runs
need
Titans
And now calling for the toss of the Group B
Match Number One Alliance Strikers Captain
Versus Infina Strikers
Captain of Alliance Strikers
and Infina Strikers
The first captain to arrive will get orange juice.
Orange juice will be trending today.
Orange tank juice and orange juice? Mix.
Acey Lum Brokers Premier League This Is
Third Edition. How is the feeling? you are very
Excited. Excellent feeling I mean the way
You guys organize the tournament is amazing
And I'm really looking forward to seeing the
Tournament. So a big round of applause for
The One El One Team Make Some Noise and Round
Applause. h
Yes ah all want to hear three cheers for one
l One Team and the Whole Management Hepeb
Hurray
Heb
Hurray Hepeb
Hooray OK we have Alliance Strikers
Also with me sir how are you feeling
Feeling?
It's really great. And ah this is the third
Time in sequence they have arranged it. I
I am really happy for that. They are counting
It. It's a great entertainment for
Everybody. Thanks.
Last time there was a joke that as a team
Was playing one l one team. I don't know
That team was playing with green colour. So,
Madam had said that if orange juice was not
If the Green Juice Green Jersey, the team wins
If she wins, you'll get bitter gourd juice."
[Laughter]
This is how it happened. Ok. So we'll be heading for the
Toss and who will call?
Madam will do the honor.
A big round of applause for Priyanka ji.
Let it be done friends. Big round of losses.
Next time your team will also come, right?
It's a call from Infina Strikers.
It's Tales. You won the toss, what's first?
Will you take it?
And why?
Or, or. We will be fielding first. ah
Because we have good bowling orders.
So that is the reason.
You're batting first, what do you want to do?
Say in five? Five Hours Game? what will the
Big target ah that you will set up for the
Team Alliance Strikers?
So, I Haven't Decided Anything? I
Told all my players to play the National
Games and We Take It As It Comes. So, Hope
For the best.
I wish you all the best both the captains.
Alanson strikers give way to the dot decided
Too bold first.
So we have Group B stage match number one
Coming after this match and this is a match
Number Five of the Group A Stage: The Team Who Wins
We already have Pink Panthers in the quarter
Finals in the Group A stage waiting for the
Second Team
So here it is, it has begun. three overs
The team needs to score only 16 runs here.
Admit IDs
And that most explosive batsman is Prudent
Mangesh Jagtap from Warriors, how is your welcome?
what how are you feeling [laughs]
I get out while speaking ok ok I wish
You all the best Aatish Bhaji Mangesh Jagatab all the
Best
At present, a good start has been made here. Ganesh
Kadam has given only three runs in four balls.
Admit 16 runs needed to win this match
For the Titans. The one who wins this match
He will qualify for the quarterfinals
For.
Excellent bowling effort by the keeper here.
Did it for stumping
And a good start, very good bowling.
Just consider three runs from Ganesh Kadam.
One over, three runs, no wicket and two overs
I need 13 runs. 13 runs in 12 balls.
Om
It is very important to see this over.
Defending here, come into bowling
is Vinod
Outside edge ball to backward region, two runs, third
Can go for a run and three runs here
Will complete it. There could be a chance of a run out.
But we reached there.
Om
10 runs needed now in 11 balls.
Only a single looking for two runs. this could
B. The run out. Two runs with no pace here.
But we have run away.
It ran so fast that even the Vande Bharat Express
Fail.
It's a good running between the wickets. Wow.
Eight runs needed
10 balls for Team Admits.
That's a good strike up and over and over
The Fielder
Excellent timing bit of misjudgment by the
Fielder, it was a bit out of his reach
And a good pickup shot for Ransom at long off
Only four runs are needed to win this match.
Admit it, the Titans will win and
will enter the quarterfinals
Will this be the winning shot? Nine runs needed four
in balls
And like I said, the winning shot is this
Winning Shot
Absolutely correct answer.
Along with this, Adam made Titans
Qualified in the Quarter Finals and
That's the end of the match number five of the
Group A stage. And Now We Are Coming Group
B stage.
The first match between Alliance Strikers
Versus Infina Strikers.
The Team in White and Team in Green Dark
Green color Alliance Strikers give one the
Toss is to be played between the two sides and the field is taken first.
Infina
So, Group B match number one
Alliance Strikers Infina
Strikers Team Alliance Strikers
One the toss decided to bowl first
Om
Hi
First match of Group B
bowler Omkar
from the pavilion
The first ball of this over was a good ball.
collided with
But a leg bye signal
So welcome once again umpire Mr. Om Singh
in our com box
I mean, you have batted and bowled as well.
I have done it too and this time I have played my over.
Great shot, powerful, brilliant four runs
You have played cricket, season and all
I have also done umpiring, just you comment
Commentary comment has to come in the commentary box
To you. Right?
Yes Mitesh, after listening to your commentary, I also
I wish I was like you too
I can't do it, but I will try
I will do it.
Very directionless ball, umpire Tajmul
No, they say try and work hard here.
But one says that success is achieved by you.
There will be a day and something similar has happened in the past
for four years
Yes!
The ball is going over the fielder
It is powerful for four runs outside the boundary line.
The magnificent and one of a kind jungles in the lion gardens
More batsman has hit a bang in
Four
thank you thank you thank you
We Bengalis, we will say Onek Onek in Bengali
both very
It seems it is 12:00 and your
Shayari has started coming out
The next ball was a good delivery from Omkar.
but was at square leg
one run by playing
Stolen by the batsmen [music].
Yes, people here steal hearts.
But players steal runs.
Yes Amitesh
And this directionless ball of Omkar.
12 runs off four balls of the first over
Is
Or the beginning has been very good. I think
This is the wonder of double breakfast. Om Sir
Yes!
And
Thanks also to the organising committee
The type of breakfast you want should be
After eating the same type of breakfast, the batsman came here
But I am batting.
Yes, I did pack the parcel secretly.
Have done. [laughs] Last ball of the over.
I would have liked to hit another shot but I would have gone to fine leg.
K fielder
And Sushant Patil has made a good start
The bullock cart comes like a plate or a rada
One was gone 14 four los infina strikers
Omkar's over was very expensive.
Satyam is the next bowler.
Leather is a professional bowler in cricket and also plays tennis.
Put it well. is a left arm bowler
Satyam.
Is this S for Satyam? S for Special
Yes.
I have umpired many of his matches.
And
Last year also ICICI
that I got the opportunity to umpire this tournament
It was and I am fortunate that this year too
I have been given the job of umpiring.
Absolutely and in the com box so your immediate
The booking has been done. Right?
Yes.
Got the ticket immediately. Satyendra Singh
quite experienced
The bowlers have come to bowl.
And look at this. This is the reason the experience
Contender is called for
clean bowled in Na
What a Start This is from Satyan Singh
The Timber Shattered and the Dream Scattered
First wicket fall Infina Strikers
14 for 1 1.1 So a well-timed break
Got through. Has made a comeback.
Yes, as I already told you.
that Satyam is a good bowler and both the teams
I am telling you that it is a five over match and
Two bowlers can bowl two overs each. a bowler
One over means you can use three bowlers.
Yes, there is definitely an option for you to have two bowlers.
You can use me for two overs
Looks like we will definitely give two overs to Satyan.
Yes, I have won the heart of my captain.
Satyam took a wicket on the first ball and scored 10 runs on the second ball.
Dot ball, third ball of this over, very
The batsman understood that the good ball was in the block hole.
I could not play on the on side but
completely beaten
So this is the magic of bowling, leather ball
If you play cricket, you play tennis ball.
He also has an impact on the batter and
Satyan has made such a beginning. Yes,
If you read the batsman then your
The ball will go well. Satyam saw
The batsman steps out a little and
Ball thrown at the feet. Satyam bowls the next ball.
It was a very good ball. It hit the feet.
huge appeal there and
What a jump the keeper made there.
Very good decision by both the umpires.
The edge of the bat was taken. Look at the keeper
Too
Nice try but one bounce
It came into my hands.
You cannot escape the umpire's eyes.
right back at Ya.
Professionalism. The Professional Umpires V
Have.
This was also a good ball. Towards fine leg.
So let's see how placement tennis works.
It's very nice to see the ball placement here.
Meaning it is a rare situation. When Satyendra
If there are bowlers like Singh, there will be terror.
Is. There was an atmosphere of fear. Now
Yes, he gave one run in five balls. one by one
Ball remaining sir. One ball left.
One ball remaining. Wow good bowling.
Satyam's last ball of this over
And batted again, batted again
Wow good bowling, once again a big round of applause for this.
Satya Singh
Only one run and one wicket in the first over
Om Sir had scored 14 runs and this is his comeback.
Yes, Omkar's over was very expensive.
Satyam has taken out a lot
2 overs 15 runs 2 wickets
Yes, Tajmul sir will make the bowler a little faster.
please say
Please get the match done quickly, they are not having a full match.
is your
bowler shubham
Boya Apna Team Sa Ka Karta
Power play is underway, five players are out.
Can
Shubham Right Round Wicket First Choo
Wide
Score is 16 runs
second stove
Only batsman
on side khela chu
a raid resolved
or over two chula two dhawa
Do Chu Do Ball 17 Runs
Shubham bowled well
This over is four runs out of two
two overs
Char Chu
17 runs one wicket
Very unlucky number right 17 per threat
Oh, it could have been here
It could have been right now
But
Luck is on your side here
Top Edge and Went Towards Backward Region
For four runs
Anuj Shah with this four runs
Got the first boundary and Amol Pawar at the
Non-strike and 2.5 21 for one infina
Strikers
The Prudent Warriors team is very excited.
Howdon
And if the Prudent Warriors started it
If he had a microphone, the speaker would have exploded Om
Sir
Hello hello yes Mitesh sir the way
The batting team started with 14 runs.
I think it could be a big score.
It was Mitesh but Shubhan bowled very well
And Satyam did
Yes, if we talk about the last two overs only
He has given away eight runs and taken one wicket.
Yes!
So this is restricted now to infinity.
Strikers to chase a big score
Satyam once again
He has come to bowl the second over. I want to see this over
what do the batsmen do and where is Satyam
able to stop them until.
Only one run was given in the first over.
They.
Left arm from Satyam's pavilion
Round wicket. Very good ball but mid on
Want to pull into the wicket. Sir, down
There is a fielder but he could not stop the fielder.
And the ball went for four runs or that's it
Excellent shot a bit of misjudgement by the
Fielder but good attempt one bounce into the
Fence for four runs
with four runs
Anuj Shah is batting well Om Sir
10 Off At V Two Force
Yes!
They have a big responsibility to bring the match back.
Yes, I can make a comeback
compensation for the damage caused
We will do it.
Yes, Mitesh Satyam's next ball is the first.
Four runs came off the ball and it was Satyam hitting
It is very difficult. Ball in the block hole
Was.
Yes, absolutely the best bowling, they say, moment
I am a tola, in a moment, in a masha, sometimes happy, sometimes sad, who
Singham will be the match
This and the fall of a wicket
Completely beat up. Mr Anuj Shah
was batting
And gone second wicket fall of infinity
Strikers 3.2 26 for 2
This has been a very quick game, Om Sir.
Yes.
And what we used to see was ODI. To all
The interesting thing was that we used to watch the first 15 overs.
Then he would switch off the television set. and the last
I used to watch television for 40 to 50 hours.
By doing.
Yes. Yes.
That era was something different. So are we all
The audience used to watch the telecast live at home.
Telecast.
Cricket has become so popular now that
Every parent wants their son to be Sachin.
And you must be Virat. Very good ball.
And this and a wicket
Beat thoroughly.
I think S on Special S on Satyan S
But Saturday Saturday Special Satyan Singh ji
Yes
Satyam bowled very measuredly for the first time.
He did give away four runs in the ball but
What a comeback, then in two balls after that
two wickets
Now on a hat-trick
Satyendra Singh 26 on three 33 three inferior
Both strikers got off to a good start.
Is.
Satyan Singh on a hat-trick
Best bowling here, tap and play only
A Single
Meaning you can guess what the audience will see.
How to season a tennis ball
You must be bowling differently
He bowls very well in season ball.
He does it with his left arm over
and but in tennis with left arm round
We do
This time it was a good hit to the long off area.
I will take two runs but the throw is excellent.
is thrown
But if you wanted a wicket directly on the stumps
could have been done.
3.5 Three Infin Strikers per 29
Om sir, I think in the next seven balls
It is necessary to cross the figure of 40.
Going for another run.
There is a throw at the striker's end but the keeper
I think
a little late
Could not collect. on the stumps
Is this out?
Yes, he is run out. The umpire took some time.
But that's run out and gone
Excellent throw there by Dipesh
Four overs 30 for four Infina Strikers
Excellent bowling spell from Satyendra
Singh Two N For Three
Something They Restricted and Let See Now
Last over coming up of the first innings
Change in the field settings
Excellent bowling wow a good pace delivery
But they will go for two
As a long distance and umpire
Singling no ball that's a fielding
Restrictions
It was kept to be four fielders inside the
circle
But there were three fielders
And That's the Golden Opportunity to Go For
Some Big Hits
Oh that's good bowling from Kaushik
33 for four last five balls coming up you
Are watching ICIC Lombard present
Brokers Premier League Two and Two Six
season
Three and this is Group B Match One
Om
And here's another wicket as run out
Getting a wicket here
So alien strikers really good fielding
But also good batting from Infinity
Strikers
A good throw from Prasad
4.35
Five on the last three balls of the first innings
Very good bowling but outside the offsteam line.
The ball went slightly outside
With that extra 36 for five last three
Balls
Swing in miss that's a very good bowling
Chance for the run out at the non-striker
And but but sent back by the striker batter
5 for 36
last two balls
Wow good bowling this could be a chance for the run
Out they are going for one more run
In fact, they were looking for one more run three
Runs
Two runs taken capitalize on two runs 38 for five
Last Ball
Last ball of the first innings will go
For Big Hits and Will Allen Strikers Will
take a wicket
That's out no run at the last ball so five
Six off over 38 and 39 to win for Alliance
Strikers
And a request for the toss time
for next match
Come on Captain of the Proud Warriors
Proud Warriors and Team Howden for the
coin toss
Proud Warriors Captain and Team Howden
Captain I request you to come on the center
Stage Off the Ground
Proud Warriors Captain Sky Is Blue
Your jersey is also blue
Who will do what needs to be seen
Request Team How Done Come Yes
We have how done Captain Vishal and Prudon
Vars Captain Ashish First of all how is the
Feeling Ashish Quite Exciting
Quite Exciting
And we are very much thrilled to play again and
This very good tournament is organized by S
Lambat and we will definitely try to win
this again
ok i wish you all the best and now how done
How is the feeling of the first match will play?
Against prudent warriors they have a
Strong Better Mangesh Jagtap You Must Be
Knowing that at least three six four six every
Last match in the innings I remember product
Warriors played 15 sixes in one innings
In six overs I still that there was a
Short Ground But This Is a Big Distance
Ground. What would you like to say?
No it's been great. Firstly I would like
To thank you for giving us this
Opportunity to play. ah well we know that
Student is a brilliant team. A so we will
Look Forward for a Great Competition and We
Won't dissent the crowd. So Biggest Rivalry
Coming up right? Ok. So Kapil Sir joining
For the coiners who will call?
How did you call? Hades is a call.
Tells it is you one the toss you did first
What will you take and why?
Want to bowl first because S Healy mentioned
This is a very I mean big boundaries s
Compare to the last to last edition and we
Have Played Last Edition and It Is What We Want
to chase this target whatever target how done
Will Set For Us And Let's See All The Best
To How Done
So how done team, how much target will you give them?
Well let's see now ah will this first match we
are playing so we will also need to assist
ah the wicket, ah who is the playing 11, how
Does it work? So let's see hopefully will give a
Good target.
I wish you all the best Team Howden and Ye
The captain left. It is not a big thing. [Laughter]
So match number two of Group B coming up
Pruit Warriors One The Toss Decided To Bowl
First.
Hello Hello Group B's first match
39 runs in five overs
First ball straight drive fielder present
will have to be satisfied with the runs
Rishi on strike, both batsmen are the same
Leather plays for the team.
Satyam has bowled very well.
Let's see what Rishi has in store for his team.
contribute.
Rishi is known to be a very long hitter
It was a good ball on the off side.
And this
signal for a no ball
Fielding Destruction
You have to keep only two players out. first two
Only two players have to be kept out in the over.
Captain
Please pay attention.
So Om Sir, it is easy to play in this ground.
Tennis Cricket Because Leather Ball Travel
it occurs. Yes!
And the wicket is quite hard.
Absolutely
And
Leather ball yesterday in the match I was playing 202 runs
The target was set on this wicket
But there is a huge difference between tennis and leather.
The next ball was hit in the lock hole and on the feet
But could not stop the batsman from scoring one run.
Great effort bowler, complete dedication
putting yourself on the pitch
Gaurav Maskar Satyendra is bowling
Singh Baiting and Rishikesh
Three balls of this over
five runs
And Satyam hit the fielder and Satyam was very
Good catch
Well taken their excellent catch good judgment
And that's wicket number one of l
Strikers a good bowling from Gaurav
I was definitely looking for a wicket.
Bowling by Gaurav Catch also taken by Gaurav
If the match is going to be a strong pride
Four balls, five runs, one wicket Alliance
Strikers
The equation is 26 balls and 34 runs.
Our just over the fielder there the fielder
Standing at mid-wicket
for a single
Next to overs if the Team Infina
Strikers
If the next two bowl economically
He gives only 10 runs in the over.
It might be difficult then Allen Strikers
Chasing this match, 39 runs are required to be completed.
Tossed up ball, hit it well on mid off
Fielder is present, only one run will be taken here.
One was gone say for one 24 balls left end
Who will be the 32 runners they need to win this match?
Who will be called Baazigar, the Sikandar of destiny?
Stay Tuned To Watch ICICI Long
Presents Brokers Premier League Two and
Two Six Season Three
16 Teams for the One Glory We Have the Two
Teams Ahead from the Group A Stage
Admit Titans and Pink Panthers in the
Quarter Finals the Same
Playing Style in Group B vs Group C
Also Group D Also
So all the league stage matches in the day one end
From Day to I'll Have the Quarter [Music]
Finals Quarter Finals Semi Finals
Finals
That's Between the Fielders
Safe No Ransom
Dipesh and Rishikesh
Change in the field setting Deep Extra Cover
is now shot extra cover mid off wideish
Mid on mid off you can say
Got the Inside Edge Lucky
And good bye from Gaurav
One More Pride in the Attack
After Gaurav Musker Gaurav God
And that's the free twenty
Gifting Runs Five Runs
I have got free sandalwood here, rub it on me
Nandan
5 runs with extras here
Gaya is 13 off 26 runs needed in 3.4 overs
Somewhere now, the L. Strikers
Run will keep this match under its firm grip
There is a chance of getting out here but the keeper
Could not hit the stumps.
14 for One with the Single 25
Now for the left hand give a fielder at
Mid-wicket cow corner
No fielder standing at square leg.
And that's a good strike at long on
Region Anuj the fielder just a single
That's a clever bowling a bit of bowling
Very variation from Gaurav and completely
Beaten batsman looking to play across the
line
Only seven runs were given in this over in the first over.
Six runs Gaurav Musker now Gaurav God
down the track bit of in the air but safe and
Single to end of the over so two overs g 16 for
Forest
23 runs in 18 balls 23 runs in 18 balls
Om
And here's to beating the heat.
Have Thanda Thanda Cool Cool Nimbu Paani Lemon
Water
23 runs in 18 balls, one for 16 overs
Fielding change at deep backward point
The fielder is deployed. Shot to third man fine leg
shot cover
One fielder at wide long off one edge long
On one head cow corner one ad mid wicket
That's a field setup from the Team Infina
Strikers
We will have to see Infinite in this coming over.
Strikers if they can able to defend
This Target Isn't Giving Many Runs
To the Team L Strikers
Anuj Shah
Left arm over the wicket for the left hand
Oh that's very clever bowling. The Batsman
[Music] I'm going outside the line, but
No Just Pitching Inside The Line.
And This Is What Infinity Strikers
Anuj Shah
Will Look Something Special in Try to Take
Wicket.
Excellent Bowling Looking for a Big One Miss
it completely
Only one run considered off three balls that we
Talking About That Coming to Overs Not
Giving many runs in Finnish strikers
Can make a comeback in the match. Correct Bing here
by Anushka on
Once again swing in Miss O was there an
Outside Edge
It Looks Like That Was Aged Behind the
Stumps and the wicketkeeper has put down.
That's why that was disappointment on the
Face of Anuj Shah.
Only one run given in four balls.
They.
one fielder deep backward square leg one eight
Cow Corner for the Left Hand
Once again wow good bowling what a beauty
off a delivery
Only one run in five balls
He reminded me of Wasim Akram.
in the round
What a great swing king he was
Wasim Akram.
This time I have played down the track from above.
But proper fielding there is only two runs
Considered.
Can we have a big round of losses for Anuj?
Shah.
Very groovy Bing performance.
Another two overs on 18 after three overs
21 runs needed. Two over 21
Om
Very crucial over of the match but going down
The Leg Side Wide
18 runs from 11 balls
Umpire took some time going just outside off
Line for Wide
17 Now From 11
In This Over Infina Strikers and Alliance
Strikers
Who Will Get the Match On
Very good bowling
excellent bowling
Not Along the Better to Go for Some Big Hits
Om
That was very well left by the better just
Going inside to the leg side for a wide.
15 runs needed in 10 balls and this time
which government
And this is a chance. Looks like this time
Government of Infina Strikers. people some
Some other government is saying this. I will say now
Bar only cricket's government.
This could be the game. Game Changing Moment
For the team Infin Strikers.
Excellent Catch Tracking by Anuj
Ball really well now also in the fielding
Side once again a good strike hit hard
Just a Single
14 Runs in Eight Balls
Will Rishikesh
Send the ball in to the Mumbai skylines
Oh that's very good bowling dot ball
Seven balls left and 14 to get what a
Match excellent performance from both the teams
Toss delivery and taken, gone captain is taken
The Catch
He did wonders and made the batting team explode.
Has been left in a mess and now a wicket has fallen
14 runs needed from six balls.
Whose government will it be? Stay tuned to watch.
ICI Roc Premier League 2 Season 3
Our Om Sir is saying that the commentator did it
Diya is happy.
What would you like to say Om Sir? This match is very
It has been interesting. 14 runs off six balls.
Hello, yes Mitesh, did you say anything about cricket?
Can't go.
Currently it is running at 60 40%. fielding team
The game is currently at 60%. But Omkar also
He is a renowned batsman who
Have played a lot of tennis and cricket.
And he bowled the best. one over
Two runs. Anuj came back.
Yes.
Oh, here was the opportunity. I had the chance but I missed it
Gave
And Omkar also had a chance on this ball.
There was little ball to play on the side
But the bat's topaz felt
Yes, absolutely, here every single opportunity here which
He should get five
13 runs needed in 13 balls
Wanted to play by making room but leg stump
ball going outside and a well-timed shot
Extra
With 12 runs needed from five balls.
Will the two balls coming have a big head?
You will get to see from Prasad.
O!
There could be a chance of a run out here, but
Only a single could go for two runs
Because at times like this they say straw
Go on adding straws and fly to whatever you find.
If life is lost for someone, we should go.
Just the way of cricket
Adding straw to straw, they say drop by drop.
The fort is filled with it.
Ball in the air but no man's land, two runs
will take it here
And we will have to see in the next three balls.
Nine runs, a big hit
Onkar Prasad is a big responsibility.
Very Crucial Ball of the Match Coming Up
Three Ball Nine Runs
He has made space and played but the fielder is there
But I won't grab it
There is a twist in the story. what is this
Went? How did it happen? It was a miracle. be magic
Went. So beautiful, so elegant. Looking
Like a wow.
Om Sir, you are absolutely right that whatever happens
Can. Anything
Anything can happen. I am good to Omkar
I know it well. He is known for his long hits.
Let's go.
Three runs needed in two balls and here
Anuj Shah will try to take wickets.
I have played this time. The ball is going
Over the fielder and out of bounds. Four
Run.
This is Omkar's batting. I asked you Mitesh
Said that he can do anything in the match.
Absolutely sir and I would like to say that the weather is fun
Way to go Alliance Strikers did
Gave everyone crazy
has made me crazy
And the game has completely changed.
Om
Hello and welcome back once again the new match
New Exciting First Ball
And very good strike Mangesh the fielder at
Long of only single
Welcome everyone and once again ICC Lob
Present Brokers Premier League Two Two
Six Season Three Mumbai Edition
The team how done taking up v Bruton
Warriors
Joining in the combox with me mister
Arpit, you are all welcome, welcome, thank you.
Howden vs Prudent Warriors This is
Match number two of the Group B stage.
So you are supporting which team is any
Specific or you are supporting only
Cricket? I think
Both are the good teams. I think how and put
And are like if you see the experience.
Both are fierce from the last two years
ComedyTears.
But I think footend will go hard this time.
Let's See Just Started.
Hello Check OK
So from Team Howdens a you know any player
who plays really well
Let's See If That Mitesh Patil and Ashish
and Vivek Pawar from Prayers Started
and this time
And a brilliant shot, four runs.
It's Just Started Now I Think I'll See
From How on Some More Shots
Yes absolutely and this shot Ricky Ponting very
I remember the 2003 when he used to play good shots.
The final match is India vs Australia
Please remind me of some other match.
[Laughter]
Fireworks innings of 140.
And what is this, the ball went out from below.
I think the cow went out through the narrow lane.
Will wait for the boundary check. I think
The ball has stopped here. of the boundary line
First
Ok
And this hooting started. As soon as the ball
Chooti, ​​there are many supporters of Toot here.
Here.
And one over ends with no runs and zero wickets.
So Arpit ji, many viewers are listening to us at this time.
Are on YouTube live and our rights
Lots of spectators on the side
Very present. Two say that the one who
Our audience at that time was radio.
commentary that was the era and television showrooms
Used to watch matches outside.
Nowadays, YouTube has replaced radio.
Upgraded a bit
Absolutely OTD Apps
Yes
YouTube
You can see a lot of fruit.
There are supporters. That's the scope for error
No, there is no way to field here.
of.
And this is the start of the second over, the first ball is very
A brilliant bowling appeal has been made but
this dot ball
And the color of their jersey is so bright.
You will see all around
You see there is a fielder at mid-wicket.
are seen
It is very important that you get the right
Set the fielding on time and it will be visible
And it went ahead, great shot but fielder
He is there and good fielding, two runs
And Both Are Fierce Competitors
On ground and off ground also hood end
Haun
There's some good bowling going on here.
Yes, definitely say policy brokers are the
Play Breakers
And this appeal has been made to the umpire.
will check
Umpire Un
Not out, very good bowling.
Improving your length here
Ashish
And here Ashish Vashish Ashish is running
actually
And he went ahead and shot a shot in No Man's Land.
for the run
Om
Another dot ball
Very good bowling performance here.
By put.
I feel a wicket is coming soon.
Is. What do you think?
Well, I think you predicted this.
This ball is a wicket.
And LBW here actually
Yes, if there was a leather ball here then the wicket would have been
It could definitely have been a little. We did DRS.
Arrangements were made but they had to deliver the goods here.
Pe a little in DRS
DRS's over to deliver the goods here
will end
13 runs no wickets after two overs
Done
Mitesh ji, this is also very trending these days.
Nowadays if a batsman has a good strike
If he is not batting with race then he should
is called back
a little bit there who the controversy in
WPL
It happened in WPL, it happened in BBL
Babar Azam also got an I think a little
But you won't see any of that here.
Because they will say ICICI Labrador's
Jitne One and World Team One and One Team
as many as
Organizer
There will be no one else in Labard's team.
If it happens then separate
Yes, it will not happen here at all.
Because there is a unique game here and that
They say this is how it happens here
No, I am just reminding you of the provision.
Was. This also happens in cricket. So if
Any batsman with a good strike rate
I am unable to bat because I have five
It's a game of overs only. Two overs are over here.
have already been done and
Prudent has scored only 13 runs while batting.
If it is there then I don't think this score is there
That much will last.
This is a big target to set here.
will be. Today 60 70's here to Team Howden
Will start with.
Mangesh misfielding a bit there.
But backup fielder Sachin was there.
So it is said that Mangesh had gone on leave.
But he was a backup fielder. His backup was
He has taken charge of the work. So backup
How important is it in the office? Office
backup is very important
But it is not available.
I have a lot of experience. Corporate Life in the
Worked in the logistics department for 12 years
I was. Have also worked in insurance.
Our backup doesn't work perfectly.
We don't even have a backup.
This time it has blown away. ball in the air
And
And Mangesh the fielder there did very well.
Tried. Not Mangesh
This too for just two runs.
Why are you taking Mangesh into account on every issue?
We are getting comments here.
We predicted it in the last over.
Wicket is about to come but there is still hope.
There is no need for wickets here.
Arpit ji is hoping for a wicket
Both teams are trying to shoot as well.
Trying hard and also doing well in bowling
Display one more
Very good bowling and this bowler
Had he been near the wicket, it might have been a run out.
chance
If he hits the stumps directly then
The wicket could have been a close affair but here
But one plus one free two runs given here
Are
And a very good bowling performance.
I will tell you very much through a friend.
bowling a tight line
Vivek Paura is bowling his second over. 16
1.4 runs conceded
How Done 24 No Loss After 2.4
And this is almost half of the innings
and it goes ahead and hits another shot and it
Very good effort but it dropped
But I wouldn't call it a drop, it's like
good attempt
This is a good effort and is the most trending
is in
Glenn Phillips
Very good fielding so far here.
Pay putend ne agar aapne time bhi dekhiye din
It is the time of the year and the temperature is quite high.
Another nice shot here.
four runs
I think it came about six or seven balls later.
Chowka these are getting into the rhythm now
Yes, you are absolutely right Arpit ji three
25 runs, no wicket after the over
Out now in the next two overs I think
It will be necessary to cross the figure of 40
I need at least 40 runs, not 40.
I think more than I think 65 70
Will be good score for prudent s per late
Experience
And Mangesh and bowling are much discussed.
Have come.
He also bats very well.
Keep this in mind while batting
He is very famous.
He is dangerous. That's a dangerous dress. Andrey
Russell
And here's a very good Hongding Prudent
There is very good audience support here.
I think those supporters of the Priors
Are
There is a very good enthusiasm.
excellent bowling
Experience Contained by Mangesh Jagtap in the
Bowling Attack
and the most important of the Priors
Main contender Mr. Kulkarni is not there today.
seem to have come
One pair we saw was Mangesh Jagtap and
Mr. Kulkarni
Oho
First Extra I Think First Extra
of this innings
The bowling was very tight till now.
The first extra run of this innings has come.
and another shot in the air
And these four runs are a powerful, brilliant four.
Arpit will now do such fireworks with the Howden team
a big
The score needs to be set up. absolutely right now
So I think
Only 10 balls left, at least here.
20 to 25 runs are needed for one
to reach a respectable score because
Joe Prudent's batting
and drop it
And I think this catch was dropped by them.
In
And one good thing is that the fielder used the sun
Did not give an excuse.
Otherwise, people generally say that the set
was not or
Did he have mustard oil on his hands?
missed the ball
And one more
Is this Outside Edge? Outside edge and four
Run.
The ball takes the outside edge and
Commentator curse is here for so long we
Was saying that Putt's fielding was very good
It was happening and suddenly we have seen two drops
Absolutely, that is a strange game of cricket.
It is a strange game, they say, the game of cricket is amazing.
Amazing game, no sword, no weapons, no friends.
Friend, this game is very strange.
Good bowling performance here.
Slightly expensive Samve Mangesh 11 runs
And this is finally caught here and the first
wicket down outn
They say looking London talking kick
Tokyo wanted to play this game but
I went to Pune
The bowler smartly bowled a slow delivery and
He benefited from it here.
Yes, slow variation makes the magic happen.
End of four overs at 36 for one
And what does the last over look like here? 45
Plus
I think a score of at least 50 plus
So the minimum requirement
Exactly like that here now Team Haun
Om will think
Om
And this is the start of the last over here.
How many runs do you think will be scored in this over?
Can you?
I think the team should go 45 plus now.
to Harden
And moving forward, great effort here.
Dot ball, only five deliveries left now
Mitesh Pat Pa Bullock Cart
Baya Kitni Radada
Shevtche five chu ule hai 36 a ghari baad haun
And this wide
And only one run will be given here.
Four bets remaining.
No big shots seen yet.
Not by letting us out.
I think this target is put easily chased
She will do it in three overs.
Crucial moment of the match
And this lefty batsman is the first batsman in this innings.
Another wide ball and two wides in this over.
while coming
Who is your favorite lefty batsman?
The entire cricketing that we have seen since childhood till now
till
Sourav Ganguly
What a thing, same here, Sourav Ganguly
Fielder present there at deep backward square
on the leg
What we were expecting was fireworks here.
It doesn't seem like efforts are being made
But it is not able to convert here.
By Outen
Good bowling here Ashish Mishra
Now the entire game depends on Howden's bowling.
It will depend on how tight the line is.
I think we will be able to do it because the score is
No, it is much bigger.
Will definitely try it. Now at least we talk
Do it 45 46 plus 50 so a little bit closer
It will be difficult. But this time I played
Is.
Very good fielding there and here.
Prudent's fielders have shown how
Fielding is done on the boundary line.
We saw some fielders in the last match
The ball went back and forth. Good attempt.
And that's the last ball of this innings here.
What do you think? What will happen?
Let's hit a four here now it looks like this
Used to be.
And this batsman thought if a no ball
There is a chance but here Empire One by Only
So five overs of play are over - 43 for one very
Well played both the teams
How many overs do you think the chase will take?
This score will go
My prediction is with in three overs
with in three overs
Yes
Absolutely because Mangesh Jagtap is like a better person
If you stay then it can happen in overs
But don't underestimate Howden's Bing either.
Let's see the innings break
Om
OK Prudent Warriors
Come quickly all the powerful batsmen
audience
Waiting here. The Chase
Target of 44
Om
Ashish and Chetan the opening pair from the team
Prudent Warriors
So once again welcome back to all the
Spectators Watching Us Live Myself Mish
Solanki are welcoming you all present over
Here's watching the game of cricket once again
Welcome everyone ICI Lam Presents
Brokers Premier League 226 Season Three
Myself Mish Solanki Joining in the com
Box Once Again Arpit Welcome and
Once
Thank you Mitesh
And these are the opening batsmen of Prude.
Ashish Mishra will be on strike; Chetan Kadam
Umpire Mr. will be on non-non strike
Om Singh who is umpiring today
Opening the batting is also the same
Ashish Mishra also bowls like this
Umpire Our umpire Mr. Om Singh today
I have been doing commentary since childhood till now.
How many cricket matches have you played since childhood till now?
You have played street cricket and scored 20-30 runs in it.
So we will keep it
Yes, yes, absolutely
There could have been three runs here, but
Batsman refuses
Absolutely, I will take two runs here, a little here.
There will be conversations, there will be stories.
Not only cricket, there is a lot of interesting things here.
We will chat. Currently looking at this match
Let's grow. 44 to win and another great shot
In the same direction.
This time these three runs finally ran here.
Didn't want to take it. This time too, three runs.
But have been forced to strike.
Yes, of course, he can say that very
Played wide fine and got one run in that throw
You can easily get it here. Good
Start here Prote Warriors three ball
Six runs, no wickets.
It is not easy in such high temperatures.
Continue running. You can see
The batsman is getting affected here.
And you can see a wonderful atmosphere here.
It's packed with spectators
Stadium.
Yes, absolutely 5,000 plus public eye here
Is. The stadium is packed to capacity. Shahrukh
Khan is tweeting now. and moved on
Tried Spot
And there it is being tweeted that Arpit ji
When I came to the comb today, the atmosphere suddenly increased
Is. Suddenly
The excitement has doubled. everyone's heart
The heartbeat has become faster. Breathing has stopped.
The weather has changed.
Talking about the historic stadium
And a great catch here.
wicket-keep wicket
It seemed that a wicket would come because the batsman
I was very tired of running three runs here.
Later
And that's a much needed wicket for
Do you think our prediction is going wrong?
Is there anyone here who is a one down batsman
He will come and create some fireworks in this match.
Excellent fielding performance
Yes, definitely not in the commentary box.
You did fireworks in the commentary box.
the already
I think Mangesh Jadhav will be called a little later.
Will send in the end
After five overs
Like after five overs
Like Andre Russell coming out to bat
Are. do fireworks like that
and one more
good effort
Yash will try both the teams, it remains to be seen who
will win this match
But it is not easy for whoever this team is, 16 teams
Is connected.
If you look at this time, if prudent
When Ki was bowling, nine runs were scored in the first over.
The same score from Howden is here but here
But one extra wicket has fallen so far.
So the match is going on at a draw.
So one overs gone 8 for one. in four overs
36 runs needed.
As I told you, we know Bing
Can't come less. If batting does not work
So it will work in Bing.
There is a lot of fierce competition going on here
As I said earlier, fears
Competitors out and prudent at all
here
Akshay and Ashish Double A on the crease and Siddh
Gaiwad
The number 18 jersey on his back in the Bing Attack
And this is a great shot.
The umpire is checking four runs here.
Four run signal here, very nice.
Shots make a statement straight towards the combobox
The batsman is here
There must be fireworks here.
Is this the beginning?
They say Akshay is simple Akshay.
Not the explosive star Akshay
Is Akshay of the great form a dacoit Rehman?
Akshay the great Akshay
And another great shot on the boundary.
fielder present
And very good running for two runs here.
The throw was excellent, direct on the
Stumps.
Somehow this match would have been very exciting.
Arpit ji is going.
Yes, yes, absolutely.
30 runs needed in the next 3.4 overs.
Batsman pointing to the rings
Here after just 1.2 balls, another one
Good but a catch out.
Looking London Talking Tokyo as we call it
I wanted to play on the on side but it was simple
off side
You can see how the match turns over and over again.
Sometimes it seems like it is going towards the putt.
Ever feel like heading towards Hotan?
And here's Mangesh coming out to bat.
Putent has high hopes from them
And the most brilliant explosive batsman Mangesh
Jagtap has now come down.
Om Sir and I were talking about a lot of players.
Let's try for a six on the leg side.
To kill. But now the distance
Talk about a very long hit on the leg side.
In. If the same shot is hit with the right technique at long off
If you hit above then it becomes straight with ease.
Can hit down ground sixes.
Yes, I absolutely agree with you.
It requires practice
Is. If you have practiced well
Definitely before the match
You will try to kill in that direction.
For.
Strongest content on strike.
Siddharth to Mangesh here we go.
and an LBW appeal
Here it is LBW not out.
There is no LBW out here. You See
How can Mangesh's stance be changing?
Is. Confusing the bowler here
I think a little
Om
OK The Player Resumes
And this is a great shot right here.
And this six runs I think
First six of the match here
Yes, we were talking
Mangesh's
They have heard what we have to say
And gave the audience a straight shot of his prudent
I have told him while hitting him that I am back
Awesome shot here by Mangesh
As I told you earlier, those stunts
By changing this, he was confusing the bowler.
You must have seen him perform stunts on the ball.
I did not change my
Again he is changing his stance and he switches it
Tried to be like Kevin Pittson but succeeded
Couldn't do it.
Yes, he definitely invented the flip hit.
Had done. Very good player from
England side has very strong batsmen
The one was Ken Pittson. The discussion will continue here.
The conversation will continue. 20 after two overs
Two. 24 runs needed in three overs.
If Mangesh comes on strike then it seems that next
It will end in over.
And here Norn, doing good planning
captain of
They say in our corporate terms
DRM A Quick DRM
Sometimes Quick DRM takes too long
Is. Right
I can't comment on this actually
We can no longer comment because we are corporate and
Got a little out of it. Now
Let's move on to this match now. 24 are needed
in 18 balls
and umpires
Speed ​​up a bit here.
The time limit should be kept in mind.
There is also a provision for fine here.
Anyway, Outen's score is low.
Slight change in fielding here and very
Crucial coming to overs.
You can see all the fielders and boundaries.
The lines are set here.
If we talk about these other inside circle fielders
If we talk then here is the fielding setup.
Shot to third man point fine leg and sh mid
Wicket.
A fielder is at deep cover. a fielder deep
Square leg is a fielder. Mid-wicket long
It is quite wide off and long on
and this
No run if fielder is present here
Just one run. It came with a lot of planning.
Haddon team here in the third over. Such as
He knows his score is very low.
He doesn't want to take any risks
And on the strike.
We will have to see what he does this time.
And this
For one run.
Yeah here's the thick out thick edge
wanted to play on side
He seems to be a very busy batsman.
Always a good contender
a good personality
And taking advantage of this full toss ball
There is a fielder present here.
And here's two runs.
Two quick runs have been taken here.
How important it is to have a backup and once we
I got to see it but at the right time.
Here comes the fielder and makes a great stop by.
Aniket
20 runs needed in 15 balls
And one more time he moves forward and bowls a full toss.
Making a yorker ball over the boundary
You can see the fielder here.
Very good planning here.
Setting up the fielding
Of course they say planning is the first
Step of management and planning when good
Then you can execute it,
You can do implementation and fielding
You can bring a different strategy.
Yes absolutely
And moved ahead. Another good shot. fielder
Aniket is present here. again just for
One run.
Good cricket is happening. Both team efforts
Still working. 17 are needed now for the next 13
Mangesh Jagtap in balls
Will you send this ball to the planetarium?
And it is similar to Shivarayan Chandra Ball
This is his stunt. You can see. Enough
There are different stances. Bowlers remain confused
While bowling. Where should the ball be thrown?
But I think wicket to wicket ball only
should be done here
excellent bowling
And back to Aniket Aniket in this over.
I think the ball has come for the third time and very
Good fielding and bowler angry here
Sachin could have stopped the ball here.
28 runs needed in two overs after three overs
16 runs
And another rings break here umpire
please please
It's not that hot
And bowler and batsman this is very good
One like has been seen here. Rings
It happened to a batsman in . The bowler
Took advantage of that too.
Now both teams are raised [music]
And again, planning is going on here.
Very crucial over of the match coming
Up. This will decide
The Fate of the Hour Absolutely Yes Let's See
Now 16 runs and every eight runs
There is a possibility of scoring more runs in this over.
Priors will try
Always remember that the tables turn in the end.
First someone's name is going ahead
But in the end, the cheque is drawn somewhere else.
Anything can happen
Yes, you will have to wait a little while here.
Now we have to see the new overs
Ashish Kundu comes into the bowling.
Haun's team has come with a lot of planning.
We can see their field placement
Is. We have seen this in previous matches.
No team has done it. as
With proper planning, he achieved every
He held his field with the bowlers.
Placement has changed. regardless of
Batsman.
Yes, with absolutely planning we have provided you
Called into the commentary box.
And Mangesh is on strike, what is this, where is he going?
spoke? Not even a wide ball from here.
Will get it.
Ashish will apply some pressure here.
Does he want to hit the ball straight over the pier?
what does it feel like from here
Absolutely
No, we will send the ghat directly to Pune
And another great shot here.
Absolutely
And this skyscraper six here is very
great shot
You said it, I sent it.
Second six of the match.
What is the matter.
Red flower, blue flower, shot, beautiful.
Only 10 runs needed in nine balls.
Please forgive me.
10 balls 10 runs
excellent bowling
Good
While backing up, the bowler gets hit for a six here.
Good bowling here after
Dan Ganit Shutkar Arjun by hitting one shot
effort agreement mangesh jagtap
and another one would see this ball in the air and
This wicket is falling here again
What game is going on here, turning the game around?
here
or at all
The Game of Uncertainty
Tola in a moment, Masha in a moment but they
Did my job, two big hits
Once again, let's give a big round of applause to Mangesh.
Jaye Well Played
Excellent catch, bowled by Ashish Kundu
Very good bowling here Ashish
By Kundu
Yes, he was absolutely right at the right time.
as he was batting like his
Instance was changing so not easy for
Bowler right but he wicket to wicket
He liked his plan.
Focused and he succeeded
Or exactly 10 runs are needed in eight balls.
Nimesh Patil, the batsman
Now new
batsman strike and
It is not easy for the new batsman to come in
Hitting
and this
for two runs
Nice pick up shot well scoped but
Fielders were present at deep backward square
And here is the requirement of the runner.
Pay but here the runner is not allowed
Eight runs needed in seven balls
Seven Chu Eight Rushing Thunder
If seen like this, it is just a game of two hits.
Two big hits coming and the game will end
But if one wicket falls then the pressure is back
Batsman pe aa jayega
or exactly right
As Ashish bowled so far
Excellent bowling here and last ball
The dot is here
That's very good bowling from Ashish and
Now a needed from six balls what a
Fantastic
We Are Witnessing One More Nail Batting Finish
Only in ICICI Laboratories Brokers
Premier League Two and Two Six Season Three
Good planning here after every over.
Getting Outen's By
Whatever the result of the match, Howe
I have bowled and with planning
Really commendable ones have come
So who do you think will win this match?
Done or
My prediction has already failed.
Here I can not comment on this now
We will wait
And here we need two runs on the first ball.
Pe and these nine and confused in the middle there
And this throw should be made at the non-striker.
Was
There was some confusion there, I could have got a wicket.
If the throw comes at the non-striker's end
Could have got a wicket at the striker's end too
But here for direct throw
It is not easy to throw directly from there.
on hitting
Absolutely
Very good, two runs on the first ball.
Six runs needed in five balls
And go ahead and have a great shot here and this
Great catch
The match is turning back
Very good bowling by Aniket.
Best Player of the Year for Fielding Performance
Aniket was very good in the match, he took fours and caught
He has taken two catches and also stopped a boundary.
He is saving the match for Outen. What
Will you say?
Or exactly right. The fielding unit has a lot of
Hee they say quick reflexes on the
Field. That is variant. And that's what
Aniket has done. A Fantastic Job on the
Field. Six runs needed in four balls. One
Big hit and that's it.
But that's easy to say here.
While we were saying hit, a wicket came here.
Is. So it is possible that one or two wickets may come.
The match should turn back. One wicket already
In the process of hitting a down hit, here is a
The wicket is already gone. Would like to see Risk
will take it or
Would like to reach the score through singles and doubles only.
And another dot ball and this throw
Keeper missing here, this is a dot ball
could have but
Unable to collect the ball in hand
And this is the second run out chase missed here.
Pay
Three balls, five runs, what a match, a strange and amazing match.
Both teams completely
You could say they destroyed each other.
Good efforts from both teams here
It is continuing.
Now it seems the game will run with singles and doubles. Risk
We will not take the batsman here.
And the way the fielding setup is, single double
You will easily get it here. and another wind
Shot in. Fielder present there.
And here three runs are needed in two balls.
A great match is going on here.
O wow what a bowling look Howe has his
The best bowler has been sent to the end.
Yes, one ball and three runs here.
Who will win? Brother will win, brother will win.
All eyes are on this ball.
And this
Very nice match here pe outon ke
Very good performance by
He bowled the last over which
We have witnessed an exciting match.
ICC Lombard Brokers Premier League
So here's the real fun
And Howe in a thrilling match here
Won the match by defeating Praktent
Is.
Congratulations to out team or excellent
Perfus and that's a victory for the team out
Give One by Two Runs
With very good planning
He batted
Sorry for the runs bowled here.
The difference was less, they did well in Bing
Made up from
Upcoming Team Definitely Watch For Out
Om
Okay here we go one more exciting one more
Encounter Coming Up and Live This Is From
Fatima Grounds Welcome Back Once Again
Present Brokers Premier League Two Two
Six Season Three Mangesh Jagtap to Start
And the first ball high in the air and take
and gone
First ball Mangesh strikes
Fall of wicket here on the first ball
Catch taken by Kiran
So here Pran Warriors won the toss.
Decided to bat first and put
The team is
Infina Strikers
Gaurav Maskar is the new batsman Sushant Pat
Yes, exactly
This time it has been cut well. send into the gap
Has given. The ball is going but we will stop it.
Great stop.
Good fielding there by Glenn Maxwell.
I reminded you. That's excellent fielding
He did it in that match.
Two Runs Tekken Infina Strikers Open
Opening the Account
Good strike The Kiran The fielder Quick
Reflexes by Kiran Good Fielding
This time it has blown away. Ball chance in the air
But there is no man's land.
I will take two runs here.
Four ball five on one infinite trackers.
You are watching this is the group [music] B
Stage. Two teams have already qualified for Group A.
Adam Titans and Pink in the quarterfinals
Panthers. Now we have to look at this group B.
Which team will go to the quarter finals?
Eight teams advance to the 16-team quarterfinals.
Four teams in the SEMA finals
Which two teams will reach the final? Strong this time
attack
And this is beyond the limit.
Gaurav has played with good timing
did.
And that's what they will look for Gaurav and
Shashant Patil to go some for more fire wax.
End of the one go on 10 for one in final
Strikers.
Om
Vivek Pawar in the binge attack
Inside Edge Lucky Not Taken Hitting On The
stumps going backfoot going backward region
Enid
And to Rans Capitalize by Sushant Patil The
Captain
That's a good strike just a single
Not easy to play on this ground we are
Playing a Tennis Cricket
You Need That Power
Good Strike
And if you are technically better than in the
Gaps High in the Chance for the Catch and Taken
that's an easy catch taken
Mangesh takes it that's a wicket number second
Fall of Infinity Strikers
Two Infina Strikers at 1.3.
Om
Vinayak the new better
V Sushant Patel of the mark with the single
Straight away 14 for two
That's Being Hit Hard by Skipper Sushant
Patil but only a single run
And this time up and over but the fielder
From Long Off Toward Deep Extra Cover
Region
Excellent fielding and excellent running
between the wickets
Two Gone 17 for Two Infana Strikers
2 for 17 after two overs
Om
Going, going and gone for runs
That's what Vinayak and Sushant Patil will
Go for some more hittings went towards
Fine leg for a boundary 22 for two what a
Number 2.2 22 for two
Change in the field setting this last over of
The Innings First Innings
This match consists of the last four balls and three overs.
Sushant Patil now
Retired and now Vinay will go to the pavilion
Joining
And here I have caught it, Kiran has taken it
Catch Very Good Catch
And that's one more wicket
Fall of InfiniC third wicket down
Pret Warriors Has Done Fantastic World
So Both the Teams Perform Really Well 2.4
It's 22 for three Infina Strikers
Excellent bowling change in bowling variation
and that's
Not out Single taken quickly
Last ball of this first innings, three infinity balls for 23
Striker Let's See
Well Pran Warriors will take one more wicket
and Infinna Strikers better Vinay now the
New New Batter Will Go For Some Wickets.
They will go for two for sure. they are going
For two runs.
The throw is not that fine.
That's the end of the first innings 3 overs 25
For three targets of 26 to chase, stay tuned
To Watch ICI Lamba Present Brokers
Premium League Two to Six Season Three End
We are heading towards the next match
coin toss
Align strikers vs how done for the.
Coin toss.
Team Howden Captain
Toss Box Winner Winner of the First Match
Alliance Strikers vs Howden
So there will be a smile on your face. how do you feel
Are you in for a second match? what strategy
Will it remain? Ye Align Strikers Captain
Our strategy is that bowling is good.
Let us do whatever we have, a little more
Of course, I need to improve my batting a bit.
Will have to. Thanks
Yes, of course, he says that in the first match.
A little more would be a good double blast. how done
The team played really well in the first match.
There was a bit tough competition. what would you like to say
What about this tournament?
No age I said the tournament is going well.
ICI Wonderfully Organize This
Tournament. I Think Third Season Ends
Is a very good team as we all know we need to
Play Good Cricket One Match at a Time and
that sports the strategy
I wish you all the best and who will call me head
And Tell Alliance Strikers Will Call
Heads is a call tell it is
ok how did you decide to bat first thank you
Very Much
Toss done for the next match
And will be interesting for the two winning teams
Will Play
which with each other
And mean while back in the match to chase of 26
And very first ball
Leg bye
26 to chase in 18 balls
Akshay Talekar and Mangesh Jagtap
And Gaurav Maskar already started the
Presidings
That's a good strike in the air o the fielder
A Bit of Judgement Stop That That Will Go
All the Way for Four Runs
money ringing square
Luckily the ball went for four and fielder
Trying to Stop That Ball But Fails
Once Again Looking to Play and Down the Leg
side for wide ball
20 runs needed in the next 16 balls
20 and 16
This time a powerful blow from the mid-off fielder.
This ball went near. I'll take one run here.
Akshay is rotating the strike and
Mangesh.
And Mangesh hit two big sixes in the first match.
Fireworks were set off. One over long off, one
Six over mid-wicket. Now we have to see where
You will aim at it.
The rocket has been launched here. powerful
Great sixer.
Excellent batting. What do you do? how to do
yes? Whatever you do, you do it amazingly.
thick shtack
Mangesh Jagtap like this
Today the batting agreement is over and 13 runs will be thundered.
14 Chu is Ulele
Up and over in the air, just over the fielder
that could be the chance
Once Again Wow This Is Gone High In The Air Inu
The Sky
Six Runs
Excellent timing six run wow
Mangesh Jagtap Fireworks Just five runs needed
in two overs
And he finished his match with two fireworks.
Kind of made it his name. What to say
Would like Mr. Om Singh once again welcome in
The Kam Box.
No, Mangesh was the hero last year too.
He batted well in every match.
But unfortunately a little early in the final.
His team lost because of his dismissal.
With this, we have to see the fielder down but the judge
Couldn't do it.
And this is two runs.
Three runs in 11 balls.
Akshay on strike
This is also batting according to the name Akshay.
We do.
stalwart Akshay
It was a leg side ball. Left it. umpire
Wide ball signal.
Two runs in 11 balls.
next ball
It was a left arm round full toss ball. This
Akshay hit the target once again.
The fielder did not hit the ball with his hands and the match ended.
Finished the match in just eight balls.
Gave. I won the victory.
Om
Again to the ICIC Brokers Premier League Two
Two Six Season Three One More Match One More
Exciting contest: Howden vs. El
Alans Strikers News from the Centre
Alanson Strikers won the Tall to Bold
First and that's a good strike. Will
Will the fielder stop? No, the ball will go for
Four Runs.
Good strike from Vishal Jadhav.
That's a clean hit. and into the mid-wicket
Region for four runs.
Seven runs off four balls. No wicket. Team
Houn.
Just a Single Run
Om
So one was gone 12 team haun
Change in the field settings from the team
Alliance Strikers
This five-over game
Both teams won this match and won the first match.
It's been winner versus winner
and Experience Container Satyendra Singh
that's a good bowling
He made the batsman dance on the pitch
Looking for a Big One But Beaten Completely
Vishal Jadhav
is a single taken
Oh wow that's an excellent shot high in the air
Excellent effort by the fielder that will go
All the Way for Six Runs
Vishal hits Vishal hits excellent shot
Good timing reminds with the batting of
Adam Gilgist The Way He Plays
In That Era
Is Very Good To Watch All Adam Gilgeous Matthew
Hidden Fans Will Relate
1.4 24 No Loss Team Howden
Excellent timing was as a fielder
Standing in Deep Will Get Only Single
1.5 21 only
Expensive We Talking About Only In
Satyendra Singh but this time he went
Expensive 13 Runs Considered
To Go On 25 Los Team Haun
It's Time for the Alliance Strikers
Fielding side to make a comeback in this match
He will restrict something on the board
25 runs no wickets
That's the four fielders inside circle shot
fine leg
Shot mid wicket we have shot third man end
Shot to extra cover that's a four fielders
Inside Circle Standing
Om
A better fumble and capitalize to run them
Going for three runs
Three Runes Taken
Excellent cricket good obsession by both the
Batters a good communication that's the three they
Got two plus one two runs in the over throw
that hit hard
Will get only a single run, good throw
Direct Throw
They're looking for the
Wickets Here Team Alien Strikers
to need
A much needed break through needed now Ashish and
Vishal Looking Good Touch The Left Right
Combination
only a single
Om
Both the batters are rotating the strike it
Looks like they'll play till the end of the
first innings
2.4 32 for no loss
2.5
33 A Very Good Stop and the Follow Through End
That's the end of the over
Seven runs conceded from Kaushik in three overs
33 runs, no wickets by Tim Houn
Satyendra Singh Once Again Expensive in Hz
First Over: 13 Runs Conceded and Now Team
need a breakthrough
The fielder standing at mid-wicket is
Going for two runs, the throw is very good but
that distance
It is not easy to throw directly onto the
wicket-keeper and directly onto the stumps
On the pitch to Rans Taken 36 on the board after
3.2
Good batting by Ashish 14 off 10 balls with two fours
Vishal 20 of 11 Vino and One Six
Something New Innovation Tried Toss Delivery
To play that scoop shot but as a fielder
standing at shot fine leg will get only a
Single
left right combination
Vishal and Ashish
He got the outside edge as a very good fast fielder
Going for two runs the throw at the non
Striker and But to Runs Again Good Running
39 for no loss
Wow once again it is root and and six rns
Absolutely fantastic hit from Vishal.
We have seen this season two also in the previous year
And now also his absolutely
Fantastic Destructive Batter. seconds
Six from his bat same region his batting
28 of 13, 1 four and two sixes. Wow.
Last Ball Coming Up Expensive Satyendra
Singh 25 Runs in 1.5
45 on the board still one over to go after
this ball
Looking for a Big One Isn't Got the Connection
This Time Will Take Strike for the Next
Over so four over gone 46 for no loss team
Haun
Om
Once again look to play for the big one they're going
For Two But
non-striker batter
Said no for run
Aniket Kerkar The New Better at Number Three
After Getting Retired Out
last five balls of the
First Innings
Om
Wow, excellent shot, made space and scored six runs.
Straight into the turf
For practice
With this, How Done completes 50 runs.
50 for Team How Done
4.4 53 for one last two balls coming up
3 Sixes in this innings, one from Aniket
End to from Vishal
Three Six and Three Four
Only a single chance for the run out but
Batsman they are very very quick.
Last ball coming up 54 for one.
What a huge one and a big huge hit
Will hit for six runs. Bat It Really Well
30 and 16 one four and two maximum hits.
This Time Did Get Connection to Play Dead Shot
One leg by will be the signal yes so five
Was gone 55 for one
And there's that one ball left
Give One Ball Left
O That's Green Bold
Timber Shattered and Dream Scattered
So last ball wicket
So 55 and the target will be 56 to chase
Stay Tuned to Watch ICI Labrador Brokers
Premier League Two to Six Season Three
The Mumbai Edition
Okay, may I request the team, how done team?
Please as soon as possible
Set Up the Field Fast and Alliance
Strikers the two batters coming soon
Go if you came early in the count of
Three to one for ice cream from my side
Party
No one came three to one
Anuruddha ji said, I have come. Anuruddha
Only G is going to get a party.
OK Welcome Back Once Again ICII Lomard
Brokers Premier League Two and 2626
Welcome everyone to Mumbai Edition Season Three
and once
Joining in the combobox with me to sher ke
Mr. Tos Naushad Khan is an expert poet.
You are welcome
drug air poison
Jam
What is there?
I have come. Tell me what are the arrangements?
What is the matter. What is the matter.
Everything is arranged. Food arrangements here
Is. First aid box is available.
Entertainment is arranged. And will have to see
Who will win this match? It is important.
It's a big target for 56 Naushad ji 56
It is a bit difficult to hit in five overs.
Can.
If you use the power play well
So this may be possible. Let's see now
How do you bat?
first ball
The batsman steps out to mid-off.
Went to kill.
But he edged it and dropped an easy catch at cover.
Did it.
Catching is very important to win the match.
It happens and a simple catch is dropped.
Of course they say catches were matches. Catch
The dream was lost and shattered.
Went on the back foot and pulled. Very nice shot.
for four runs
Yes, the fielder made a little misjudgement.
If it happened from the side, we would have stopped here.
So the runs don't come here but back to back
here
coming in a rush
6 runs no wicket 6 runs
I wanted to bridge it. inner edge of the bat
taken
And one more run.
Left-handed strike pay.
Let's see how he bowls now.
Bowler taking the fourth ball of this over
Great shot and very good
Fielding
Four balls, eight runs
A very nice square cut ball going in.
is outside the boundary line for four runs
For. It was a small short of length ball.
Went on the back foot and played a good square cut.
The very best of cricket [music] excellent
stroke
Sent it back to where the ball was.
Yes, he is batting very well. Five
Balls and 12 runs, no wickets.
To go forward again and push it to mid-off.
tried. The ball took the outside edge and
The wicketkeeper took a very good catch. One
12 runs in the over
one wicket
He wanted to come forward and kill me. That is why it is said
She calls but doesn't let me go
This is the world, don't go here, my son.
Fall in love with someone but cross the limits with love.
not to go
what's the matter what's the matter
Very good call drive
Excellent shot, the ball is going for four runs.
For. Very nice sound coming from the bat. The ball went
Out of the ground.
Wanted to square cut the next ball.
The ball took an edge and went to third man.
One and two balls
17 runs, one wicket
You are chasing very well. Have to see now
Whether he is able to complete this run or not.
next ball
He wanted to come forward again and kill me.
The ball took the outside edge and went to the wicketkeeper
has done its job. one run
18 runs, 1 wicket in 3 balls
It was a full toss ball. He is pushed towards mid-wicket.
The game has been given
For two runs.
Low full toss, picked well.
Team score 20 runs.
The shot is pulled. fielder of the ball
Down below and a very good catch.
1 over 5 balls 20 runs 2 wickets
Fielder Name Please Catch Taken By
Thank you very much Parth
So great performance here today.
Mr. Om Sir umpiring in the com box
What would Naushad ji like to say about this?
For Om Sir, he is innocent in appearance but at heart
The clever is great
The world says that the crazy man is big himself 30
and the bride is 60 years old and falling
standing in the shadow of the wall
what [laughter]
Wow wow let's applaud let's applaud
Wow very tasty
So is it true what you said?
We old people are very important in your gatherings.
Is. If we are not there then who will wear the turban?
Will you tie it?
Ok. Ok.
Tours Gone 24 To
36 from 18 balls.
The umpire needs to speed up a bit here.
Right now because we have less time we are back
Off Time
And this time good strike there is a
Fielder standing in deep running and making the throw
Was not that fine the batsman taken to run
Running fast for two runs here
Between the Wickets Prasad and Satyendra
Lion Now spread big batter on both the batters.
There is responsibility. 33 needed in 16 balls
Runs.
Tossed delivery and played will they go for two
Once Again No This Time Good Throw Direct
Throw at the non-strike and just a single.
24 pe do
This time is not got the proper elevation to
Play that big hit.
That was a toss up delivery.
Only a single.
Both the batters can rotate the strike here.
Have been. Now
Those two big hits completely changed the match.
and two wickets back to back for Tim Howden
will try here
Wait for the umpire's signal
Leg bye
So very good over from Vishal Jadhav just
Considered Five Runs
Something to Chair for Vishal Jadhav
They are defending very well but
Oh that went for dot ball, good bowling but
Let's See Now If They Can Contain the Momentum to
Pressurize more, need 30 runs in two overs and
That's the pressurize
From the Team How Done to Alliance Strikers
30 runs in 12 balls 15 runs each not over
Easy to Chase
So either 15 runs or 20 runs are needed from the batting line-up.
Team to Get This Target Chases at Least Closer
30 runs and 12 balls
The Crucial Over of the Match
Going Backfoot End
Striking Really Well for Single So Good
Field Set Up From Captain Vishal One
fielder at deep backward square leg one at
Mid-wicket one at deep cover
Long Off Long On
Just a single, good bowling, good fielding
28 runs needed in 10 balls, will have to be seen
Whose government will be here Ella
Strikers or How Done
Prasad will take strike
Chars going outside the off line for wide
Siddharth would like to try to keep a little distance
are doing
Skipping it away from the batsman's attack
And this time played for a single ed long
Of o bit of misfield there
And all the way for four runs
Misfield by the skipper Vishal at long off
And the ball vent for four runs.
With this four runs, now 23 runs in nine balls.
is sought. 23 from Nine Balls.
going back foot
Playing at long last for two runs
and excellent running between the wickets
Good batting by Prasad and Sathyan
21 runs in eight balls Runs Eight Balls End 21
To get that one big hit at least
That's high and the air catches with matches
Well taken there at the fielder standing at
Mid wicket that's one more wicket fall and yes
We Can Say The Team Hown Almost 70%
In the match winning mode
3.5 35 off three seven balls 21 runs
Every ball three runs every ball boundary
Very Tough Now for the Team Alliance Strikers
Sanjay the new better
Oh that's a very good bowling
Considered No Response
So four gone 35 three and 21 runs 21 runs in
Six Balls
Excellent Bing Good Over
That one over from Vishal Jadhav, five runs
Complete Complete
The change the course of the match
And Ashish one 8 for one Siddh two 21 for two
That's High in the Air
and taken gone
One more wicket falls, much needed breakthrough
And good catch taken by Aniket Long on
Still the team try their level best to chase this
target of 56
21 runs needed in five balls
20 Four Balls
They will go for two
And they will get to Rans.
Three balls 18 runs.
Three big hits.
It is difficult. It is very difficult. Three Ball
18 runs.
Now this is the match of Team Haun
A good bowling performance
Defending the Total Now Let's See How
many margin they will win this match good
Stop by Ashish Kundu
That's in the end taken catches were matches
Team Howden has done the fantastic job
And that's a victory for the team, how did they
Vaughan
Good performance by 16 runs
OK, I request Prudent Warriors.
Captain
Come for the toss.
Thank you very much DJ
Toss Time Once Again Prodigious Warriors and
Alliance Strikers
Alliance Strikers Will Call
Tales is a call tells you what you was
Decided Fielding First OK Alliance
strikers fielding first
Will Take Up V Team Britain Warriors
Music DJ
Om
Thank you very much DJ Dhurandhar
Welcome everyone once more ICI Load
Present Brokers Premier League Two Two
The spirit of season six three is passion.
All the cricketers seem to be in great form
I welcome myself miste Solanki welcoming
You All Once Again Alliance Strikers
Taking Up Budden Warriors
Striker one that decided to field
First
And We Are the Destructive Better Once Again
Mangesh Jagtap on strike Akshay Talekar on
non-strike
Onkar has come to bowl
So let's start at the beginning. Whose will it be
Who will win and who will lose
And which government this time?
First ball here
Wide ball.
And that's a good strike high in the air
And well taken.
That's the big fish in the pavilion.
That's a big break through here for the team
Alliance Strikers Mangesh Jagtap
Departs.
Good Cash Again by Prasad
Name Nitin
Nitin
So big S of relief for the team
End to Runs Taken
Nitin Nikam The Double N First Ball
striking for two runs
They have a big batting line up their Warriors
Not only one player Mangesh Jagtap has
Pl of hard hit batter
No runes taken sent back already almost the
Batter Nonsticker Batter Vent at the Half Track
Sent Back
Oh wow is that out.
Yes.
Good catch taken.
Reminds me a catch of one of the match and
Mohammad Kaif has taken that similar catch but
Not beyond the stumps.
But the good work by Beyond Stump by
MSD.
That's Sanjay MSD for you.
Four balls three on two priors
now they are in trouble
Om
Just a single play towards third man
Sachin and Akshay
This Two Batters
a big responsibility on their shoulders to
Set Up the Big Score on the Board He Lost
Two wickets early in the very first over
And that's a good strike high in the air
Prasad Once Again
That could be the catch of the tournament it was
Almost a 20 meters running for him
A big round of applause for Butt Prasad
It should be good friends, try to take it.
that
So one was gone five for two prone warriors
One Gone Fire for Two Prune Warriors
Once Again Satyendra Singh
Change in the field settings
One fielder at mid-wicket on one at deep
Extra Cover
Just Guiding the Ball Down Towards the Third
Man
And that will go all the way for four runs.
Fielder tried a bit of messy football
Skills Upped But The Effort Went Into Win
Vent for four runs
Three-over match
1.19 for two with the boundary
On strike.
It's a very good keeping also. Down the Leg
Stride for wide.
Satyan Singh needs to come back in this over.
Just going outside the line for a wide one
More Wide
Six runs came in one ball only
11 for two
This time he got the outside fielder.
Third Man
Only a single run rotating the strike both
The Batters Sachin and Akshay
already seven runs they can go for something big
Hits seven runs of the over so far two balls
Only Bold
This is a time for the Team Prenant Warriors
To get many runs in this over.
That's a good strike. They will go for two.
Two Rans Taken.
bit fruit at the fielder at long off
And good running by Sachin
It's a Bit of in the Air
Direct throw but to run taken best
running between the wickets
back to back two runs
1.416 pay two and I think pudent
Warriors, it seems they have come after eating Puneri Mishra.
You did not bring me here
Punari Mishra Kamal
16 for two
only a single
17 for two 12 off the over last ball coming up
of the second
And the keeper misses
that will go for four by
Expensive Over Came
Almost 16 runs
I was talking about they can get many runs.
And That's What Happened
16 off the over, 21 for two after two overs
Priors
Two overs gone 21 for two and the last over
Coming Up
Two shots 21 raid two gates after priors
Last
Over of the first innings
Kaushik
that's a good strike
Every ball is getting cheered and the dugout
And That's What the Energy Motivation Needed
And That's What Predict Warriors
This is not just a cricket festival
Carnival and They're Celebrating in Style
22 for two with one run in the last five balls.
First innings
And that's gone for wide
They're going for two runs o
Great Effort
Previous Ball
Umpire previous ball that was dot ball right
Previous ball was a dot ball. Previous ball was a dot ball.
was wide
2.2 It's 25 for two with the last four balls coming
up last four balls
And let's see if they can go for two runs but
The Striker Batter
may he got some hurt there
He will retire out may be Kiran is going
Retired Hurt
Okay last three balls coming up 26 for two
Excellent bowling there is a big shout is
that runs out yes that's out
Last to was coming up of the first inning
26 for three
Oh very good bowling from Kaushik
And one wicket for just five runs.
in balls
26 for four
Krishnajit
The number 13 jersey on his back is the new Better Vauxhall jersey.
in
Last ball first innings wicket will have to be seen
single two runs four runs six runs what will happen
or dot ball
Spot Down the Leg Side
Wide 27
And one more ball here to Kaushik for run up.
Will have to go.
And to Rans Taken.
So after three overs, four for 29 and 30 runs.
Alliance Strikers are needed.
It's Time for the Next Four Teams on
Group C and may I request Captain
From Unison Superstar Star vs Anand
Ra United
Come for the toss
Anand Rathi United Captain
and Unison Superstar
Boss of the toss
And may I request from the official
For the Comment Anyone
Unison Superstar Captain Welcome Aaye
Eknath so welcome to the ICICI Lamb
Brokers Premier League Two 26 Third Edition
How is the feeling you are going to play?
First Match
or it's our first match so basically we are
Little Because Last Year Also We Have Faced
Anand Rathi and we have faced a loss also
With them. So this time we will be trying
Two
Beat them. Letts C. ok so younis and
Superstars How's a Josh?
Vary Lo. How is a josh?
What is the matter. Wah Wah Anand Ra United
First match. How is a feeling? How is the
Excitement?
It's great. This is our second time that we
Are playing this tournament. so or it's a
Great initiative. Nice to Meet People in the
Same industry. It's a good I mean
Sports is always a good way to connect
with everybody
Or absolutely Anand Raat United Make Some
Noise
Let's declare Anand Raatri team win win
let's do it ok
[Laughter]
Who Will Call Unison and Anand Ratri Unison
Will Call
Heads is a call, tails is it, you want the dose
What You Decided and Why
We will feel first. It's good, I mean I
No, we have a very strong bowling line.
up, so we will be able to restrict them
And chase the total.
OK, I wish you all the best and unison
superstar what you think in five overs a
Big Target To Set Up For The Team Anand Rati
United?
or ah will be trying to set a target of
Around 55 60 plus. Let's see then. Thank you
You.
OK, I wish you all the best, both the
Captain.
So the team
Younis Superstar De One The Toss Decided To
Ball First Stay Tuned for the Live Action
Coming up: First match of Group C
OK, umpired request to get speed up
Bit Faster.
Mumbai Head Time
Because they say, time is money, money is
Time is money, time is money.
Om
So the target of 32 chases for the team Alien
Strikers
Group B
Last Match And We Have Group C Now First
Coming up after this match and four teams
Has joined us. So welcome to the
ICICI Lombard Brokers Premier
League 26 The Four Teams Joining as Unison
Superstar Anand Ra United One Il One Team
And S Diamonds
This time he lifted the ball in the air and very
Simple Catch
fall of wicket
First ball wicket, second ball wicket, amazing
This is their cricket
back to back wickets
30 target here but they say
low scoring game
More drama but you can say 10 runs
per over
It's not easy and now coming up with the hat-trick
Ball for Ashish Mishra, Dipesh
On Strike
It remains to be seen whether Ashish Mishra will become
First
Player to take hat-trick in this tournament
Here We Go
Toss good stopped by the fielder
only a single
Deepesh off the mark now Rishikesh will face the
First Ball
So left right combination
Will Burn the Calories of the Opposition
Setting the Field Field Mangesh Jagtap
Now for the left-handed second fielder deep.
backward squeen to deep mid-wicket
And that's a good strike, but there is a
Fielder Standing and Excellent Field Set
Up by the Skipper
Just a Single
Four ball two on two Alliance Strikers.
So once again welcome in the com box mister
Om sir. How are you feeling?
The match is going very well. Blessings a lot
He is bowling well.
Let's see the batsman run for two runs and
Along with this, a very good throw.
And this while running out
I think Joe is more likely to throw
Mangesh Jagtap has posted it
He wanted to make a direct hit.
Absolutely
So with a good batsman you have a
A good fielder and bowler, he is an all-rounder contender.
Yes you can say
Super Dhamaka
Full Complete Package Mangesh
Three runs and three wickets in five balls
First over ends, three for four
26 runs needed in two overs
Bowler Mangesh
Rishi on strike and Satyan on non-strike
The last of
And among us Nirav Sir
Famous cricketer
of the Titans
Yes, absolutely silent fleet has scored 15,000 runs.
Giving tough fights throughout his career so far
to Virat Kohli
And it was a chance of run out but Rishi
I put my whole life into running.
Sathyan is on strike, Mangesh has to watch
How does Mangesh play?
is a good all-rounder
Mangesh bowls next ball.
And Mangesh has played this ball in the air
Low and very easy catch
So the way we started here
Predant Warriors gave away five runs and took four wickets.
wicket
You have made a good start. 30 runs to win here
But look at that bowling
And
Mangesh
Bowling well
The team made a bit of haste and lost four wickets.
have lost your
And this fifth wicket is also in the block hole.
By Mangesh
Excellent bowling that was a yorker and
Delivery to rush directly onto the stumps
Ashish started from where he left off.
Mangesh did it and Mangesh also lived up to it.
Became his captain's
Check the score on the left hand side.
Football's five is not all, it's five for
Five is
And now Mangesh is on a hat-trick
Three balls remaining in this over, next ball Mangesh
of
A shot played on the on side behind the fielder.
Will have to be satisfied with just one run
Two balls remaining in this over
1.4 balls
six runs, five wickets
Now Rishi has come, if the match has to be won then Rishi
has to make two big hits and
Looks like it's a big hit.
No
No no, I lacked a little strength, Rishi.
A little bit of power, a very good catch.
Mangesh takes three wickets here.
I had already said that from where Ashish
Mangesh started from where he had left.
Ashish had taken three wickets and now Mangesh too.
Three wickets in that over
Yes, exactly three wickets taken, so the balance sheet
Telly done yes six at 1.56
24 runs needed in seven balls, Kaushik new
Batter has arrived
You will have to hit those four powerful hits, Om Sir.
Yes!
The left hand had a slight advantage. The sage
Tried my best but failed. here
Very good catch and it is from a wide ball.
Signal by umpire Navsad.
Last ball of this over was bowled by Mangesh.
Good bowling here. Once Mangesh
Let there be a big round of applause for this.
One over three for three. What is the matter.
Clap your hands. Come on.
Six for seven after two overs.
23 runs are needed. 23 runs off six balls.
First ball: dot ball
New bowler Vivek
23 runs from five balls, next ball from Vivek
Good ball from the pavilion and it's clean.
Bold
It was an incoming ball. Completely dodged
Gave it to the batsman.
And you guys pay a little attention to the scoreboard
Give it.
Seven runs and seven wickets.
This is also a wonder in itself.
Seven for double thala for region. But he says
Can Alliance Strikers give
Playing for Regions
The match is now theirs, Alliance Prudent
Warriors can be called Ind Prent Warriors
this match
23 runs in four balls
All four should be big hits but they
also dot ball
So this match belongs to the Priors.
Yes, Mitesh.
23 in three laps completely in his bag
Run
Vivek bowls the next ball.
It was a good ball
A run of Inside Edge
22 runs in 2 balls now
Vivek has made the match impossible.
Group A qualified for the quarterfinals
Titans enter the finals
And what happened? Caught and bowled. Cott
and bold. Eight wickets for eight runs again.
The series has started.
What is the matter. Eight for eight in their hands
The ball stuck. as if in their hands
Feviquick was stuck.
Yes Mitesh.
I think that's why the ball stuck.
Is.
This is the lowest score of this tournament.
yes absolutely 8 for 8
what a match what a match last ball just a
Formality to be complete and prudent
Warriors will qualify in the quarters
Finals How Done Already Qualified in the
Quarter Finals
OK So Prudent Warriors supporters are
You are ready and with this this match is not over
I'll have to wait a little, I'll have to wait a little
I will have to stop.
Yes Mitesh
They say wait a little while
Have fun.
Absolutely enjoy it.
And this ball is a free hit.
Chain for eight free hit balls. Some rage here
But it will be made.
Ball in double detention and a good ball again
tried to put it in the block hall but
a little bit
And with that prudent warrior's clea
Victory from Alliance Strikers. Once
Loud applause for the prudent warriors.
And their
Sound Sound The official sound of the Klevators.